document	label
who in the hell needs a frigging *vga* camera on their cellphone ? . ? . ? .	0
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .	1
i would recommend this camera unequivocally ! .	1
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .	1
the wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog .	1
even after all the nightmare sound problems , i 'd still half-way like this product if it kept it 's promise ; . the ability to store 1500 songs .	0
the support has been less than impressive , considering the cost .	0
the biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin 's player was relatively new , it was riddled with scratches .	0
the eax sound enhancement feature did n 't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .	0
no memory stick slots -- although a rare feature , it would be nice to have extra storage , not that it needs it built-in lithium battery -- a huge hassle to bring this back ; . draining the battery once you get it helps , but removable/replaceable ones are a lot more convenient	0
this camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact , take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot .	1
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .	0
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .	0
. this camera keeps on outfoxing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped .	0
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .	1
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recommend www . no madness . net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .	1
"the bottom line is "" phone is cool one - only for the moment , as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features , but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones "" ."	1
i actually took a friends word on it and went with this champ when registering and i am glad i did .	1
the touch buttons are textured so that your finger sdon 't slip which was very thoughtful .	1
everything , so far , has worked flawlessly .	1
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .	0
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .	1
the wrt54g offers excellent security features and much more ( and easier ) configuration menu that i didn 't even need a manual to setup correctly .	1
i have had no problems with the phone .	1
our norton internet/av 2004 was terrible right from the get go , so i 'd think that if steelworks is ok now , it should remain ok .	0
i am very pleased so far .	1
it has plenty of power .	1
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .	1
because this camera is beautiful .	1
but from my experience , by the time it gets to that point , the bag is really heavy , so i think this is kind of helpful- it 's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying .	1
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .	0
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .	0
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .	1
it 's easy to install the security on this product but linksys doesn 't do a good job of explaining why its important .	1
the nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smart phone line .	1
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine .	0
respectable , solid , but not awe-inspiring .	0
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .	1
so loud , really , that it does n 't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .	0
i have noticed an odor ( one the i expected ! . ) when unloading the diaper champ but at least you don 't smell anything every time you use it .	0
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . .	0
recently the variable speed control went out .	0
the sound is bright and clear , the ability to store any mp3 's ( and not just apple-approved files ) is great , and i plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time .	1
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :	1
even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little , resulting in a noisy start-up .	0
they didn 't know what the problem could be .	0
the blue backlit lcd looks really neat and is easy to read .	1
if you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday , nokia beats everyone else .	1
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .	0
works perfectly with my netgear wireless paramecia .	1
sure they say if it 's their fault you won 't get charged , but they are the ones who get to decide whether it 's their fault .	0
4- looks great .	1
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .	1
this makes for a great phone .	1
i bought the diaper champ and have been very happy for the following reasons .	1
the included headphones suck , so get your own .	0
"the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone "" unlike the nokia 3650 "" and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make . . ."	1
i 've had no problems with the software .	1
it 's easy to use . not too small , and not too big .	1
it 's too bad , though , that ! .	0
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .	0
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .	1
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on .	1
well , it was nice while it lasted .	1
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .	1
i 'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of its li-ion battery , the better firmware , or a combination of both factors .	1
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .	0
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .	0
overall , a very disappointing product .	0
the interface used could be better designed .	0
mine generally requires a charge every 48 hours or so and i don 't really talk on it that much .	0
"even the "" shorter "" battery life , though , has not impaired my positive experience with the zen micro in any way ."	0
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .	0
it has never worked .	0
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .	1
i will never buy their product again at this rate , and neither should you .	0
it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much .	1
this is somewhat annoying , but from working with computers ( especially windows -- ugh . . . )	0
the buttons are rather stiff .	0
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n 't like it too but no harm done since i always use the cam ea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n 't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; . that is what lamest exactly ot the picture .	0
the only other problem was that security for the wireless connection .	0
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie levitt's , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .	1
i discovered that the camera has a manual mode that gives you total control over exposure , white balance , flash ( red eye , person against bright background , flash on , flash off , flash automatic ) .	1
the lcd screen was very large and readable .	1
when the screen stops working , you 're out of luck ! .	0
it wo n 't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store bough ten .	0
the nokia 660 runs the symbian os , which works pretty well for most standard phone fare , most of the stuff is not that intuitive , but if you actually learn how to use it all , there 's plenty of neat tie-ins .	1
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .	0
amazon is awesome ! .	1
again , every review written about the tech line is true . . . after waiting close to 45 minutes i finally spoke to a rep .	0
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n 't blind you when you stare too long .	1
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disappointed ! .	0
i like it 's shape and it 's keypad and joystick .	1
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person .	1
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .	1
it 's a rip off if one buys norton internet security and antivirus .	0
they are extremely convent and you don 't have to buy them seperately has i-tunes , which provides quality music at low prices .	1
this is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment .	0
this is a great deal , and i 'm elated with my decision to go with hitachi 's green machine .	1
pros the design is very nice , and the colors are too .	1
creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature . .	1
the flaw is inside the zen .	0
seriously ! . i love it ! .	1
versatile and stylish .	1
i , as many others , have waited for many years for the convergence of price , features , size and ease of use to hit that happy center point .	1
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .	1
we keep the diaper champ in our daughter 's nursery and her room definitely does not smell like dirty diapers .	1
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .	1
creative has excellent music software , a very responsive tech support group ( they are quick on firmware updates , and make them publicly available ) , and usually a good array of accessories .	1
very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures .	1
"i have only used it with the 1/4 "" collet and a 1/2 "" round over bit , but i love how it starts up with little torque and runs very quietly ."	1
the bass is deep and the treble is clear .	1
i have never had this problem with any other software on my computer .	0
the grain was terrible .	0
norton support is completely pathetic .	0
"the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and so om not so good , but my feeling at this time is "" two thumbs up "" ! ."	1
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .	1
the battery life is not that of the casio 's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opinion with the battery life you've got .	1
i can 't tell you how many times i 've chipped a nail or hurt my fingertips because of the force needed to open it .	0
) worst feature possible , this alone makes it rate one star : what 's up with no recharge cord ? .	0
on top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable , it is just a plunge router that works really well .	1
first of all , i 've never been big on earbuds - they 're just not that comfortable .	0
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .	1
the actual experience of using the ipod is magnificent .	1
once you set it up , it 's great .	1
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .	1
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! .	1
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .	1
got way too many blurry pictures .	0
but i had to give you four because the service for my brand-new ipod was terribly slow .	0
the hitachi is made in malaya , and looked cheap compared with the makita , which is made in the usa .	1
"i thought given all the "" 10 "" reviews about this camera that i would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey ."	0
it has everything i needed : bluetooth , infrared , support for mmc , camera , and a good operating system with lots of supporting software .	1
if you do n 't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they can not be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders .	0
2 ) storage capacity	1
the only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky .	0
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .	0
i highly recommend it .	1
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .	1
and , with the ipods ' full volume up , all you have to do is adjust your receivers ' volume and your set , since the ipod itself acts as a strong amp lifer of its ' own .	1
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .	1
i have stored 40 audio cds and i still have close to 2 . 8 gb free .	1
i like the size and weight of this little critter .	1
and the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my lan .	1
- the software that came with it was tough to load .	0
2 . battery life is over 4 . 5 hours , compared to about 2 . 5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikon's .	1
other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better .	0
there is no comparison , the champ is easy and smell free , the genie was difficult to use one handed ( which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad ) and there was a def finite odor emanating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn 't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ .	1
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .	1
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .	0
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .	1
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n 't have them .	0
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .	1
fm radio built in ( howard stern ) .	1
with one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around , seamless bluetooth sync with microsoft outlook , support for thousands of applications for the symbian platform which this phone runs on ( i own the ir remote , iq and a few others ) , the nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from t-mobile that can claim such a distinction .	1
start up , log off , log on . . . everything became very slow .	0
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .	1
i thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time .	0
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly	1
color screen is good .	1
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .	1
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra . . . and i was not disappointed .	1
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .	1
for the hobbiest , it 's probably a nice buy .	1
"also , the display is "" hinged "" and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage ."	1
aside from a 6mb++ built-in phone memory , there 's a 32mb mmc card that goes with it ! .	1
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays .	0
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .	1
yes , there is a belt clip , but that doesn 't hold the extra battery and usb cable .	0
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! .	1
a sony erickson may be the phone for you . . . but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price .	1
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .	1
the price is $ . . . more .	0
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .	0
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; . my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .	1
the auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject .	0
what disappoints me the most that a software like that is not cheap gets zero support form symantec , if you want support , they 'll charge you a fee ! .	0
was a bit wary because the software is windows only and i have an mac .	0
this thing does everything but washes your dishes .	1
the canon is very small , definitely pocket size , but still easy to hold firmly .	1
i got a 1gb mmc upgrade for this phone and now i can :	1
i do n 't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags .	1
i feel much less likely to drop this phone than others , which are actually starting to get too small .	1
this is a great diaper pail .	1
so far it has been very durable ( other than the little pads on the earbuds ) , but those aren 't really necessary as i find them comfortable on their own .	1
after multiple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .	0
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on	0
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stop action photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .	1
once it froze so bad i couldn 't even use the power button to turn it off , and had to open and take out the battery .	0
they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don 't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer .	1
i 've had no problems w/ this phone .	1
the 6600 has more amenities than most - world phone , camera ( vga/zoom/night mode/timer ) , video ( w/ audio & zoom ) , speaker ( good sound ) , bluetooth , infrared , modem for computers , electronic wallet , internet access , calendar , calculator , converter and more .	1
they 're easy to use .	1
it is so small that i am able to keep it in my pocket , and i don 't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable .	1
there seem to be fewer collisions and dropped packets as i read from the router logs than with my old dlink router .	1
multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you 'd expect .	0
"from day one , we 've had hangups , crashes , glitches , continual reboots , long shutdowns due to "" cc app . exe "" program running which is a norton program ."	0
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .	1
i built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits .	0
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! .	1
pros : - excellent sound , even with the headphones that come out of the box , but it absolutely rocked with my bose quiet comfort 2 set .	1
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n 't anticipate any problems with it .	1
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .	1
the battery life seems good , takes very little time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .	1
the battery is nice .	1
it came with a good fence that is simple yet precise and thats well made and won 't break .	1
if you don 't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive , i 'd re comment buying it to try out , and also buy an extra 2 year warranty for it ( there are some offered here , for about $15 dollars i think ) .	1
apple closed their island to anything that resembled microsoft , and clearly let napster know it could not use their products with napster 's services .	0
i could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days ! .	0
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .	1
as i said , i don 't regret the purchase at all .	1
it also works just fine for international calls .	1
also , the instruction manual is very bad .	0
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .	0
made the camera totally inoperable .	0
nice little phone . . . light compact . .	1
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .	0
the size is tiny , which i love .	1
the view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer .	1
for the price it is a well spent investment ! .	1
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no vi sable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .	1
the tech support is worthless too .	0
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .	0
if there were any complaints i have , they are marginal , but one is apples ' proprietary set-up for music files , their incompatibility with other music services ( i . e . napster ) is down right wrong .	0
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .	1
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .	0
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .	1
only then did i learn the truth -- this phone does not work with palm pdas ! .	0
with accessories , you can make the ipod into a digital recorder , broadcast it remotely through stereo speakers using wireless technology , and play it through your car speakers using either a cd adaptor or fm stereo broadcaster .	1
even on the low sensitive level , a slight touch can skip or pause the track .	0
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .	0
long live apple , long live macs , and long live the ipod ! .	1
the touchpad is great once you get used to it , and i much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels ( as on the dell dj for example ) .	1
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display	0
but those 2 come up every time .	0
further , the tech specs suggest that it has better audio quality than the ipod .	1
i 'd give it 4 . 5 stars if possible , but since 5 stars would be misleading , i give it 4 stars .	1
the sd500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months , and the lcd has been broken twice .	0
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .	0
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .	1
works great ! . ! . ! . ! .	1
since then , i have not found one major problem with it .	1
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .	0
i use a nokia 6600 , it has a great color tft display and camera equipped with zoom , which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a real one player for playback and streaming of 3gpp-compatible and real media video clips .	1
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .	1
ultimately you will learn just how bad nokia is , and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved .	0
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )	0
i can use it as a modem for my computer , connect with clients and friends , the possibilities are endless .	1
it 's not the heaviest around ( i think porter-cable has that distinction ) , but i found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation .	0
the wizard is particularly sinister .	0
firewire & usb2 . 0 -- for those fortunate enough to have firewire400 , your in for a real treat with auto sync .	1
overall , it 'll make my move that much easier knowing i don 't have to worry about connectivity .	1
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n 't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .	0
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggravation of getting the player to do it 's job .	0
the setup was a breeze , i had some reservations about a wireless network ( see my review for linksys wet11 ) but this item was on sale as well as the wet11 so i just had to splurge .	1
but canon never fails to amaze .	1
"i recently had to run a 3/4 "" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn 't even slow down ."	1
dependability : i 've seen no glitches .	1
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .	1
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .	1
the power is incredible , it cut through md and plywood like butter .	1
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .	1
it works great , i am usually at the full 54 mbps , although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is .	1
there are 2 things that need fixing first is the battery life . it will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons .	0
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 .	0
last , i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this .	0
i am enjoying my phone a lot . . . .	1
2- excellent picture quality and so simple to use ! . ! . ! .	1
the scroll bar is a bit of a pain .	0
this is my first mp3 player and i am so impressed with what such a small device can do .	1
i read many reviews on norton i . s . 2004 from a variety of sources ( cnet , amazon , message boards ) and came to the conclusion that nis 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update .	0
i will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward , although you do need an external smut server to use .	1
do n 't buy this player .	0
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .	1
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .	1
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .	1
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; . cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worth wile at the price .	1
gets stinky after a few months , the seal on the piston doesn 't seal anymore .	0
the range is terrific , i am using this for my home and i was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard .	1
start up is so quick	1
the cons , at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth .	0
everything else about the ipod is great , the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it .	1
this is a benefit for many reasons ; . one being just for appearance , your pants wo n 't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .	1
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .	1
it also does n 't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! . ! .	0
you also need to go in and manually remove many symantec files from the registry .	0
it works with a minimum of fuss .	1
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image ! .	1
you 'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once .	0
the zen offered a great alternative .	1
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .	1
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .	1
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .	1
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .	0
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens ti gt and cause potential damage .	0
i already knew something was wrong , because much of the spam i 've seen in the past six months was from resellers of norton products .	0
1 no direct firewire to the camera .	0
you can use it as a storage hard drive .	1
the price compared to the ipod is great .	1
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .	0
( it had locked up multiple times previously , but always managed to work after wards ) this time , the touch screen wouldn 't respond to me and none of the buttons worked .	0
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --	0
the hitachi m12v is a dream to work with , smooth starts , adjustable speeds , micro-adjustable depth , and plenty of power to spare .	1
a call to customer support ( got to a live person within a couple of minutes ) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance .	1
for the price i don 't think you can beat it .	1
we use the cheap $1 . 99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around .	1
give each friend a different ringtone .	1
when the player was working it was great , but .	0
only one disk played through to completion successfully .	0
purchased this router a few months back , no problems whatsoever .	1
probably a great phone overall , and perhaps mine just has bugs .	1
i bought it for my trip to buns aries , and also used it at the iguassu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! .	1
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .	1
and the remote is cheap and ch easy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! .	0
i did have to cut off the ears that hold the template guide in place so i could get those big panel raising bits in it .	0
the af feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .	1
do not buy this product --	0
+ screen was good , easy to read	1
the bags attach inside the champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle .	1
there are some highs to the 2004 edition , but mostly lows .	0
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .	1
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .	0
excellent diaper disposal unit .	1
it is a very amazing product .	1
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .	1
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .	1
if anyone is thinking of getting an ipod mini , forget it and go with this player .	1
sometimes when you press buttons , the menu appears after a second or two .	0
also , the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree .	1
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .	0
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .	1
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .	1
for the price i think this is a remarkably fun mp3 player .	1
it is the 'first generation ' of the player , and while i still agree that it is a great alternative to the ipod , i think there are many others that would be a much better value for your buck .	0
and really this is the best phone one could have .	1
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .	0
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .	1
this did manage to cut the number of pop ups during start-up from 4 down to 2 .	1
as for itunes , i don 't find it to be as good as the windows media player as a computer mp3 player , but it is good enough .	1
i love the slim design ; . the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky .	1
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .	1
so much safer than the others that require a two handed operation ! .	1
"because the "" engineers "" at creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack ."	0
anyway , my wife got this for me for my birthday and i love the thing .	1
can recommend the hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on amazon it is a bargain .	1
"also included in the "" games "" section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your own songs ."	1
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .	1
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter .	1
way to go apple ! .	1
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .	1
other than the fact that one can 't delete a file directly from the ipod , the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use .	1
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; . not sensitive enough at others .	0
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .	1
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .	0
you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder .	0
very sturdy and strong .	1
after comparing the included creative earbuds directly against my sony md-e828lp 's and sennheiser mx-400 's , i find myself still using the creative 's , which in my opinion , sound every bit as good and have a slightly longer cord .	1
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .	1
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .	1
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .	0
i 've always liked symantec products , except for this version 2004 .	0
their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific .	1
along the way we compared it to my wife 's t720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life , connectivity bars and features .	1
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected .	0
"if you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged , they charge you roughly $105 . 50 per minute and blame you for "" abusing "" your ipod ."	0
it is not reliable .	0
) creative , inc . the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box , then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on every single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices .	0
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc . .	1
the quality is significant and you 'll be very happy from saving time and the headache .	1
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .	0
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! .	1
i haven 't seen any problems yet , but if you don 't like to tinker a bit , this player can be a little challenging to set up .	0
if you use linux and want gr ps and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device , and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you .	1
the little bag it comes with is cheap and useless .	0
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to .	1
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .	1
the main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients .	1
overall an excellent phone .	1
well , my second one is now beginning to hi cup a bit after about 1 1/2 years .	0
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screen saver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc . )	1
audio is excellent .	1
the sound quality is very good .	1
this is my second digital camera , but i 'm much more impressed with the canon s100 digital elph than i ever was with my kodak dc240 .	1
1 ) great audio quality overall .	1
creative did an awesome job with the design .	1
-user 's guide doesn 't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website .	0
best phone i 've ever owned , period .	1
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .	0
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .	0
this is the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to :	1
the phone can use any midi audio file as a ringtone .	1
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .	1
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .	0
buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer .	0
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .	0
it ain 't cutting edge ( no pun intended ) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain 't pretty .	0
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect .	0
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .	1
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player .	1
this phone is one of the best i 've ever used .	1
i also wanted to switch to broad com hardware ( which the linksys uses ) because my wifi menisci card in my dell laptop with lucien silicon in it used 70% of my 1 . 2ghz laptop 's cpu when using the wireless at full speed .	1
ball metaphor : i was hoping creative hit a home run here , and i think the zen micro is more like a stand-up double .	1
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .	1
i did n 't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out .	0
wo n 't play a lot of discs .	0
iriver has a better fm receiver built in , but the drawback to iriver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed .	0
no way to contact their customer service .	0
this product is a lifesaver ! . ! .	1
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing .	0
overall , this product is awesome .	1
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n 't take weeks to figure out how to operate .	1
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .	1
other than that , i think it is the best router for the money .	1
less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer .	1
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly .	0
feels solid in hand .	1
t simply the best player on the market for a really low price , so why look anywhere else ? .	1
this is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory , for example .	1
another 5 star performance .	1
other than that this thing is great . . .	1
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; . shutter delay is n 't so bad either .	1
it feels tiny in the hand without it .	1
i left the camera in my car in maine ( not a very hot place ) and the lcd screen cracked ! .	0
it 's being used daily and i have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers ( headphone jack , player locking up , etc ) .	1
this is a wonderful camera .	1
gets nice sound too .	1
if you can get one with all the accessories and a cheap extended warranty , this is the player to get ! . highly recommended .	1
it sure does ! .	1
i bought the player this week and i like it by far .	1
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .	1
this is the best purchase i 've made in a very long time .	1
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .	1
the fact that has an open-source firmware makes it a great option in my opinion .	1
i 've owned many norton products in my time , and for the most part , i 've been pleased with their performance .	1
"i particularly like the "" txt "" file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take ."	1
actually , the creative zen micro solves all that .	1
if i could , i 'd trade-up on my creative muvo2 and snag a zen micro tomorrow .	1
battery life is exceptional , lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market .	1
video output stopped working .	0
for one thing , the diapers always get jammed in it .	0
the karma is only $5 more , it 's small , had a 20 gig drive and supports more formats including gog .	0
it practically plays almost everything you give it .	1
we lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems .	1
after installation , which was very simple . . . . i downloaded any updated software from the creative website , before i downloaded any music .	1
it 's so small .	1
because of it 's hidden features ( no macro vision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .	1
camera is a paper weight .	1
night mode is clear as day .	1
they are a royal pain to install , and don 't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all .	0
the problems i had installing norton extended way beyond what symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with .	0
i say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working , but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that i could have done if so ! .	0
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .	0
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows media player , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cb service ( gracenotes ) .	1
a larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy .	0
well , i got my second player , and right out of the box it wasn 't working right and once again , after consulting customer se ! .	0
learning how to use it will not take very long .	1
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch .	0
i 'm sure i don 't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers , but i really like it ! .	1
it has a classic design yet looks hip .	1
i finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with napster 2 go . . . . which is a subscription service , allowing me to download as much music as i want for a $14 . 95 flat fee .	1
this process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway .	0
this is an excellent router for the money .	1
i 've only had this camera for a few days , but it 's been great .	1
for last one month my rebate status showing me that my rebate is approved and check is delivered but still i am waiting for check .	0
tough as nails .	1
the phone is sturdy .	1
"very good "" every day "" camera . fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos ."	1
the installation software cd crashed repeatedly .	0
also , very light and portable .	1
another irrigation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .	0
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .	1
i did not conduct a rigorous test , but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras , and the canon won hands down .	1
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .	1
6- small but very clear tft screen .	1
download it fast to your computer	1
this time , it started the installation process , then i left for work . i think it will work . i hope it will work .	0
the ! . sound quality is great .	1
( we wrap them nice and tight ) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags -- cheap ! .	1
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .	1
ks almost without fail , no matter what your taste in music is : from relaxation music to hard rock , to hip hop , to korean and japanese , to afro-cuban and salsa , jazz , blues , country and pop , this feature performs well .	1
this phone is not suitable for fast people , maybe only for old people .	0
it offers way more features than i need but the ones i use work well .	1
excellent sound i mean the player has juice .	1
built like a tank , yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the leigh dovetail jig .	1
i guess the two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler .	1
it uses the extend able mmc memory , it is perfect for storing videos , pictures and mp3s .	1
i couldn 't believe what i had been missing .	1
they were easy to setup with plenty of power to hog through anything i have encountered .	1
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great .	1
i am now staring at an array of stuff including zen micro player , stereo earbud headphones , a rechargeable lithium-ion battery , an ac/dc power adapter , a usb 2 . 0 cable , a belt-clip , a stand , a stylish cloth pouch , an installation cd , a quick-start guide , and creative mediasource software .	1
i work on word , explorer , netscape , acrobat reader , photoshop at same time ( meaning using a lot of memory ) , but still dont see a problem with computer ( getting slow or crashing ) .	1
the software , mediasource , can not work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2 . 0 , xp os ) .	0
on the downside , i think the interface takes some getting used to and the zen software ! .	0
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .	1
"the headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "" ear buds "" ."	0
works great , no odor , and uses regular bags .	1
i find this to be a great feature .	1
its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily , not great from a cosmetic standpoint .	0
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n 't mind buying notmad .	0
but this camera is great ! .	1
a great camera , but here are some points which i don 't notice in most of the reviews here , which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer :	1
also , for those that complain that the diaper champ isn 't as effective as time passes , keep the following in mind : as babies get older , their diets changes ( aka solid foods ! . ) and so does the smell of their diapers ! .	0
i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like itunes ( no music i want , but thats just me ) and the creative product was cheaper ; . and i needed to be able to use wma files .	1
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .	0
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds . even though they were not damaged in any way .	0
pros . 1 . speed 2 . signal strength 3 . advanced configuration options	1
this product is too fragile for normal use .	0
in addition , i don 't believe that it is odorless .	0
diaper champ is by far the best diaper pail ! .	1
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .	1
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n 't purchase it .	0
great screen and great sound .	1
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .	1
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .	0
we also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped .	0
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 .	0
it is buggy , slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user .	0
apex sucks ! .	0
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective .	1
2- it is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .	0
5 stars all the way ! .	1
battery life is good for a phone of this size .	1
there is no fm tuner , while there is no fm tuner on the creative zen ( on the micro version of the zen there is a tuner ) , the iriver h10-20gb , the rio karma , and the audio x5 have fm tuners .	0
you do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the champ .	1
no one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor . '	1
slow-syncro flash , macro/infinity mode , etc .	1
what the hell is wrong with this thing .	0
that said , i am disappointed in the plunging mechanism .	0
they are not wow able good .	0
cons - difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as i was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor .	0
even though i never ventured into the cloth land , i was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life ! .	1
overall it is the best camera on the market .	1
i occasionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly ( yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode ) .	0
after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace , i decided on the s100 .	1
great features . . .	1
i am a big fan of itunes , simply because it is terribly fast and convenient - if you are buying the songs from the itunes site .	1
while i 'm not too keen on their customer service ( none of the products i have from creative have given me issues ) , i can definitely recommend the zen micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more . . . without needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth .	1
handset quality is great , as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality .	1
8- buttons are little , but if you have steady fingers and deal ed with a casio worst calculator watch , you can deal with almost anything .	0
"big lcd screen - at least for me , 2 "" is enough"	1
next , the big reason not to buy any norton product : if there 's a problem with it , norton charges $30 to even tell them about it .	0
i had never liked the idea of the diaper genie because of the refills .	0
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful .	1
i did n 't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! .	1
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38 ; . t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .	1
and so far , i 've been very pleased .	1
the zen plays mp3 , wma and wave formats , which makes it more versatile than the ipod .	1
the sound is incredible ; . very clean , very wide dynamic range of bass , midas and highs , and can be very loud if i turn it up full blast .	1
the instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the rp ms of the speed settings were mentioned .	0
the karma doesn 't look as sexy but it 's interface is very efficiently designed .	0
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .	0
apex 's website is down and they wo n 't answer their phone .	0
sometimes , it needs few minutes to open an application .	0
there is no way you can talk with customer care about this .	0
the product has worked perfectly for me on my xp .	1
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! .	0
i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips , i give it 5/5 stars = ) oh and btw , while you take video clips , you can zoom it too ! . ( digital zoom only though ) . . . but still . . . ( my old one can 't do that . . . you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip . )	1
in minutes i was easily navigating through the menus .	1
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .	1
i prefer things that are simple .	1
the nokia 6600 is a great phone , good games , good camera .	1
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .	1
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .	0
some more manual control would have been nice .	0
whatever . . . on to the negatives : -touchy about charging . . . you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it 's life if you don 't upgrade the firmware or dont ' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side .	0
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .	1
and for those that are int rested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ) .	1
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .	0
works pretty well .	1
"the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n 't as easy as the ipod 's , or as "" sexy "" looking ."	0
camera quality isn 't bad for the low resolution .	1
again , the headphone jack on this thing is garbage .	0
i also own a canon digital rebel and i agree that the advanced controls on the sd500 are not as robust , but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the digital rebel .	0
it is slow to initially start up , but once it 's turned on , i 've never had any complaints about the speed .	1
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n 't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .	1
this thing seriously is a good player though .	1
i tried to do this by instinct and it 's not intuitive unless you are a network geek .	0
i got it to use with the new $5-per-month service from yahoo ( music unlimited , ) and despite the above issues , i love it .	1
battery life keeps improving on the ipod , and a new ipod will give you up to twelve hours of play time , per charge .	1
freebies you get : a cradle with detachable stand and belt clip , some thing very handy and useful .	1
"as one other reviewer pointed out , it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "" plunger "" to get the diapers in the pail , even though upon inspection the bag doesn 't really look full ."	0
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n 't complicated to learn at all .	1
apart from speed , the signal is consistent and works without interruptions , etc .	1
"it would just spin up and stop , and display "" no disc "" ."	0
it it is a bit heavy for hand held work , but any router this size will be .	0
i love the bluetooth ; . easy to use with a wireless abra headset .	1
"my sd500 focuses flawlessly , does not "" whine "" during video , and my pictures are razor sharp ."	1
this is due to the unusually slow autofocus system .	0
"you can "" disable "" some of the individual components , but don 't be fooled -- they 're still there and running ."	0
so for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models i 've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & i like that .	1
we just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are scented and they are like $6 . 00 and they work great .	1
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped .	0
have had the nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with t-mobile .	1
another thing you should know , the metal on the flip side of the ipod is very tacky , and scratches very easily .	0
1 . record around 1 hour of video with phillips camcorder pro .	1
even viewed cds full of jogs .	1
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .	1
i finally got a free support number for norton through my usp support staff , but waited an hour or more for a voice .	0
the device looks very cool , i think ( exactly as the photos promise ) , it 's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket , and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice .	1
after consulting with creative 's customer support , they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair , which would cost me $40 , since it 's past the 90 day warranty ( pretty short warranty ) .	0
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well .	1
this one is really great .	1
i have set up it 's pda features with avaunt . com where you can download info from sites like weather , map quest maps/directions into it , which is great .	1
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .	0
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .	1
"while i was trying to play half life 2 it started popping up with "" alerts "" every twenty seconds ( literally ) , warning me my antivirus protection was off ."	0
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on it have a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventually the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .	0
i simply hate symantec . i swear , if i could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare , bleeding hands , i would have .	0
this phone is fantastic .	1
all in all i am pleased with the router .	1
finding all the albums , songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig ( well 18 gig ) worth of music .	1
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .	1
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .	1
imagine my disappointment , though , when the zen micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest fm signals in my area .	0
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .	1
t-mobile was a pretty good server .	1
overall , if you know what basic steps to take , it was not difficult to connect , and the s/w worked well to connect .	1
i love this player .	1
3 ) joy stick for eazy navigation , 35mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff .	1
i sent creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don 't seem to even want to help .	0
1 ) the champ is easy to use .	1
not only is it much more cost effective ( you can use regular trash bags rather than refills at $5 a pop ) , it is easier to use and clean , and has a larger capacity .	1
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .	0
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! . )	1
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .	1
you can 't do that with a sony t610 ( which i traded for a 6600 ) .	0
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .	1
its not a perfect system but its a very good one .	1
the phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card . . . and turning the phone back on takes a little while .	0
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .	1
since zen does not have an external antenna it has some problems catching weak signals but it works .	0
i did like the heft of the machine .	1
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; . only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1 . for some sizing information ) .	0
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .	1
- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n 't sure how long it would last .	0
the diaper champ couldn 't be easier to use .	1
i love this camera .	1
i just replaced my old linksys router with this one , turned everything on in the right order , and it was up and running with no problems .	1
no down time , great signal strength .	1
the setup was very easy .	1
i have been absolutely , completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities .	1
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .	1
the picture quality of this camera is outstanding ( taking its ' size and price into consideration ) .	1
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; . when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; . if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n 't even notice the click .	1
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch .	1
i ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because i change him so often downstairs .	1
i have to say that i am very happy with it so far .	1
great phone . . .	1
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .	0
to install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called symantec or nortron , . . . also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted .	0
white earbuds ( i replaced those with some shire headphones , big difference ) , a case , a stand , a clip ( which doesn 't really work ) , and a nice little zen micro bag .	1
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .	0
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .	0
i was more excited about this player upon opening than i was about the nomad .	1
i must have gotten a good one .	1
power for the tech-savvy , ease of use for the less fortunate .	1
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .	1
i wanted standard memory expansion ( cf cards ) , macro mode , and if possible , a waterproof housing ( for kayaking ) .	1
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .	0
it seemed as if we were emoting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless .	0
the scroll wheel is finicky ; . it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; . new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; . some find it so frustrating that they just return the device .	0
limitations : - not a lot of original accessories like the ipod .	0
sound quality : the ipod 's sound quality is pretty good .	1
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! .	0
cons : no am/fm radio tuner -- something a large number of compete tors are doing	0
the depth adjustment and bit changing is much easier on the m12v than it was on my old router .	1
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e . , mp3s ) .	1
the zen was an impressive purchase and i would highly recommend it to anyone using napster .	1
the battery recharges raul fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .	1
with the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn , it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones .	1
have used it frequently and have had no problems .	1
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior .	1
once again it won 't reinstall , even with online and email assistance from symantect technicians .	0
some dvd 's i rented would not play .	0
10 great price for all the features .	1
canon 's g3 does it consistently .	0
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .	1
it 's still one of the smallest 2mp digital cameras on the market , and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever .	1
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n 't wash my car .	1
. itunes -- this is a love-hate relationship program ; . usually people with mac like this program than people with a pc , but depending on your computer expertise , this could be a difficult program to use , and it is required for an ipod .	1
when taking pictures of people , however , it shows every flaw in the subject 's skin .	0
especially the lcd is big and the camera quality is among the very best around .	1
both the antivirus and firewall are integrated into one piece of software and they update together .	1
* eax equalizer accentuates diminished quality of mp3 files .	0
i love the quality of the pictures .	1
"seems the "" program scan "" feature did not find the exe file for outlook ! ."	0
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) .	0
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .	1
the number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area , the fonts are small , the interface is too convoluted and frustrating , it 's not that customizable as well .	0
i still have my s70 because i like the wider lens sometimes , but in general , if you are looking for a small camera with the whole package , the sd500 is the only one you should buy .	1
1 ) price / gb of storage	1
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .	1
the headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use , and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony 's i 'd been having .	0
- the battery life leaves a lot to be desired .	0
i wash ours out with lysol each time i empty it , and that helps , but when its hot out- well , just be prepared .	0
oh . . . and file transfers are fast & easy .	1
it just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router ( mine does ) , without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired pc or a wireless equipped pc .	0
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n 't make that big of a disturbance .	1
noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah .	1
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .	0
the one and most major thing that i was disappointed with , in this player , is the battery life .	0
it is mindless to operate .	1
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .	0
i got this phone yesterday and didn 't find any problems with it yet .	1
but it wouldn 't let me turn the av protection back on and it wouldn 't stop with the alerts .	0
the price is incredible with the bonus pack and hitachi 's $25 incentive ( you need the code -- -go to tool seeker . com and it tells you )	1
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .	1
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing .	0
the cons are n 't really a big deal to me . . . except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files . . . no folder structure . . . and it 's based on the title of the songs . . . many of my songs where separated into folders ( on the pc ) . . . and a few had same titles . . . so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n 't have any that might be the same as another .	0
the zen micro is near perfect .	1
its just as fast as the included creative software , but much less invasive , and overall better looking .	1
i think their antivirus software was one of , if not the best , on the	1
there isn 't much features on the ipod at all , except games .	0
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! .	1
user interface : the software is simple and straight forward .	1
while i would like to give it 3 . 5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .	1
i was an early purchaser of the wrt54g , and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally , the march 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product ! .	1
after 10 years , i now downloaded mccaffee 's product after calling their support . . . . they answered quickly , and for free , and were very helpful .	0
you indefinitely appreciate the small size .	1
after reading reviews of lcd problems , cracked , black blobs etc , i figured that it was probably a very limited problem .	0
5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible .	1
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! .	1
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .	1
"the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful "" scene "" mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc . , are endless ."	1
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough .	1
too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time .	0
the software that comes with the digital elph is very nice and intuitive .	1
i thought this camera was awful and i did tons of research on cnet and other sites .	0
it holds plenty of songs .	1
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ah wile .	0
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk .	0
however , the battery life is good enough you should n 't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .	1
the only disappointment so far has been battery life .	0
i had a sony ericsson t610 before this and the t610 is far inferior .	1
i must say , i think this is the coolest camera i 've ever owned ! .	1
but this by far is the best phone out there right now ! .	1
four megapixels is great .	1
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .	1
i 'm sure you can read the specs above to see everything it does , but for me the best thing is that i can easily check my email , movie times , news , or any website with this phone .	1
i must say , this one is quite slow to open an application .	0
only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash .	0
on the whole , i 'm quite happy with the purchase .	1
as far as user interface is concerned , the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player , 'creative mediasource organizer ' .	1
i also like the fact that you can edit your mp3 titles , etc .	1
the soft start is nice .	1
this is truly a clydesdale among the industry 3hp+ router workhorses .	1
i can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time , it is that simple .	1
crappy headphones .	0
there are instructions to encrypt your personal wireless network so no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth .	1
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .	1
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop	0
00% good though , and the zen does have a few drawbacks .	0
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .	1
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .	1
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .	1
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints .	1
6 ) the phone is really wide , which seems to be a turnoff for many people , but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic .	1
reset the network , tried the connection , and it 's working like a charm .	1
"about the product : the zen micro is a sleek , stylish device that caters not just to "" hip "" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life , size , or the "" awkward "" factor ."	1
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .	1
i wo n 't go into the details here , as the online sites ( steve's digicams , previews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .	1
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .	1
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .	1
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! .	1
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .	1
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .	1
this router was a huge disappointment .	0
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .	1
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .	1
the fm radio 's reception isn 't spectacular , but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area .	0
small size .	1
