document	label
slow-syncro flash , macro/infinity mode , etc .	1
- some features in the user interface	0
the wizard is particularly sinister .	0
its nice look is also a plus .	1
overall it is a great value .	1
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .	0
just the home version of norton internet/av has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with .	0
one caveat i have is that i understand the ipod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved .	0
now in october , 2004 , the firewall said i couldn 't ok anymore software to use the internet because its full .	0
the router has plenty of power for any type of bit or wood i need to cut , and the speed control knob is easy to get to .	1
it 's so small and light , even with a spare battery , you really can take it anywhere .	1
other than the fact that one can 't delete a file directly from the ipod , the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use .	1
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .	1
the headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use , and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony 's i 'd been having .	0
but since it 's so small , it isn 't a big deal to bring it with me .	1
my experience with installation was quite good .	1
apart from speed , the signal is consistent and works without interruptions , etc .	1
even the instruction booklet is out of order .	0
sound quality : the ipod 's sound quality is pretty good .	1
some more manual control would have been nice .	0
i already knew something was wrong , because much of the spam i 've seen in the past six months was from resellers of norton products .	0
1-a cell phone is to make calls , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you 'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .	0
it 's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch .	1
3 ) joy stick for eazy navigation , 35mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff .	1
this router does everything that it is supposed to do , so i dont really know how to talk that bad about it .	1
power for the tech-savvy , ease of use for the less fortunate .	1
frankly , i think this is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware i 've ever used .	1
this thing is trash .	0
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .	1
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; . it does n 't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12 . 5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray ! .	1
i took my zen micro with me over the weekend , and was forced to lug my laptop with me on the trip for one reason : to keep the zen micro charged .	0
the touch buttons are textured so that your finger sdon 't slip which was very thoughtful .	1
"not so nice things : - a bit too much weight and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing ( outside of a table ) - the 1/4 "" chuck sleeve requires much tightening to keep bits from slipping"	0
the included earbuds were uncomfortable .	0
if anyone is thinking of getting an ipod mini , forget it and go with this player .	1
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .	0
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .	1
you can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call .	1
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .	1
very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures .	1
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .	0
it is very simple to import via photo 2 and then move them to photoshop .	1
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .	0
the internet connection would go down every 5 mins when i used it with a p2p program called bit spirit .	0
the optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom .	1
it gives you the most bang for your buck , period .	1
the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy .	1
i did have to cut off the ears that hold the template guide in place so i could get those big panel raising bits in it .	0
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! .	1
) worst feature possible , this alone makes it rate one star : what 's up with no recharge cord ? .	0
personally , i may never buy symantect products again .	0
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .	1
but the major problem i had was with the software .	0
amazon is awesome ! .	1
for one thing , the diapers always get jammed in it .	0
4 ) buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging .	0
there is no fm tuner , while there is no fm tuner on the creative zen ( on the micro version of the zen there is a tuner ) , the iriver h10-20gb , the rio karma , and the audio x5 have fm tuners .	0
seems to work great .	1
i do not need to repeat what 's great about this phone .	1
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy .	1
the diaper champ couldn 't be easier to use .	1
it makes the nomad i purchase feel and look like junk .	1
you can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and export your outlook files to it .	1
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .	0
on the whole , i 'm quite happy with the purchase .	1
pc cable is too expensive . . . $ 50 for a usb cable ? .	0
i got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags .	1
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n 't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .	1
it 's easy to use , and makes transfering your cd collection to the player a cinch .	1
great quality picture and features .	1
"here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of "" plastic-like "" ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy ."	1
combine this with the excellent price we got in the gold box , and i 'm really happy .	1
for those mac osx users out there , isync works fairly well .	1
3 . play java games on it .	1
its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily , not great from a cosmetic standpoint .	0
"this is a nice feature ( i . e . it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to "" easy listening "" rather than "" heavy metal "" - no problem ."	1
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .	1
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .	1
its stable , so a curious toddler can 't easily tip it over .	1
you can use the player to store your computer data files ( good feature to have ) .	1
they say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact .	1
the phone itself is pretty nice .	1
- equipment included is average , but that is n 't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for .	1
speed is not a problem .	1
i can tell using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than motorola's do , but as long as i 'm not planning on dropping the phone or running over it with my car it should be just fine .	1
i love how small the thing is , and the blue glow - i 've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all .	1
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; . the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world .	1
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n 't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem .	0
norton internet security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations .	0
i 've always liked symantec products , except for this version 2004 .	0
you can 't do that with a sony t610 ( which i traded for a 6600 ) .	0
another irrigation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .	0
but it wouldn 't let me turn the av protection back on and it wouldn 't stop with the alerts .	0
we bought this about 6 months ago and it 's been worthless .	0
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .	1
the manual is excellent .	1
its compact and has rounded edges .	1
to eliminate any smells we simple stuck a stick up room deodorizer inside the lid .	0
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .	0
ripping the songs , even with my 1 . 1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good .	1
the menu is easy to use and understand .	1
i like it 's shape and it 's keypad and joystick .	1
the soft start is nice .	1
there are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact .	1
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .	1
it was so easy my toddler would dispose of her on diapers .	1
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .	1
all i have to say is that the pics i get with my sd500 are both rich and color and high in detail , the user interface is awesome , the battery charger is tiny and super light and sd cards are relatively cheap and getting cheaper all the time .	1
"working for 10 hours with it on "" shuffle "" totally rocks ! . ! ."	1
the box included a little polyester , pull-string bag , ( yes , you read right a bag , something a boy would carry ten marbles in ) and tries to pass it off as the case .	0
even though i have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer .	0
it is slow to initially start up , but once it 's turned on , i 've never had any complaints about the speed .	1
after installation , the very first time i booted up the creative mediasource organizer , intending to use its cd burning and ripping functions , it totally shorted out .	0
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .	1
but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! .	1
first , i have to say that i have never had the slightest problem with this camera or the software .	1
don 't worry this player rocks .	1
- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n 't sure how long it would last .	0
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping .	1
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .	1
but you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars .	1
whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers , this is the truly the only diaper pail to get ! .	1
"5 ) video recorder is of no use and one can not record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the "" free picture and video messaging "" offered by service provider ."	0
then , my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone .	0
this player is absolutely phenomenal , i haven 't had any problems , and if you 're worried you will have problems , i suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways . . . i find the touch pad very easy to use , and i 'm surprised so many people have had problems .	1
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it .	1
mine generally requires a charge every 48 hours or so and i don 't really talk on it that much .	0
it 's good .	1
"i particularly like the "" txt "" file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take ."	1
and for those that are int rested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ) .	1
avoid this product at all costs .	0
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .	1
the interface used could be better designed .	0
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .	0
let the champ win you over ! .	1
this phone doesn 't include phone card calling .	0
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .	1
the headphones are n 't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .	0
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .	1
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough .	1
i 've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great to use .	1
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recommend www . no madness . net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .	1
the sound is incredible ; . very clean , very wide dynamic range of bass , midas and highs , and can be very loud if i turn it up full blast .	1
one : it 's size : it 's smaller than the ipod mini , and holds more music ( 5gb to the ipod mini 's 4gbs ) .	1
reset the network , tried the connection , and it 's working like a charm .	1
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .	0
1 ) great audio quality overall .	1
if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs .	1
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to maneuver through the menus quickly .	1
my file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites .	0
well , my second one is now beginning to hi cup a bit after about 1 1/2 years .	0
picture quality 's great for still and video with sound .	1
there are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be text ed to you at no cost .	1
the arm band is fantastic and it doesn 't budge even at the gym .	1
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding .	1
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .	0
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( laos angele's ) is horrendous .	0
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n 't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .	1
the more i use it and figure out how to do things , the more i like it .	1
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .	1
my old siemens s56 , on the other hand , worked beautifully with all of the above .	0
only used for 3 month before it 's down ! .	0
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing .	0
it wo n 't play all of my movies .	0
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n 't do it ! .	0
when the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money .	1
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .	1
great screen and great sound .	1
the only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky .	0
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .	0
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cmdr / cadre / dvd / dvd , and of course plays dvd movies from uk . i love the giff , progressive scan feature .	1
also , you have to use it with itunes - or they 'll sue , dammit ! . but itunes is about as good as anything .	1
i love the features on the ipod and the many things you can do with it .	1
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .	1
"the zen does n 't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; . even with third party software that "" creates "" folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best ."	0
this phone is not suitable for fast people , maybe only for old people .	0
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; . however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .	0
the machine itself seems fine , but the software that came with it is awful .	0
flawless .	1
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .	0
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .	0
the interface took a little getting used to .	0
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .	0
i was using the cheaper pail . . . and it worked ok until the opening device fell apart .	1
i 've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures .	1
looks and shape : i have a black one and the first time i charged it and switched it on jeez the blue light looked so cool .	1
it has an equalizer , but the iriver h10-20gb has a lot more presets than the ipod .	0
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! .	1
the software has been installed on windows 95 , 98 , 2000 and xp and i haven 't had any problems with it .	1
if you are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with isync , i say stick with a sonyericsson .	1
compatibility with other devices is excellent too ; . i 've only found one 11b device that won 't work with its mixed mode ( and it won 't work with *anyone 's* mixed mode ) .	1
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .	1
user interface : the software is simple and straight forward .	1
even when i set it to low , it 's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what i want it to do .	0
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; .	1
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .	0
poor visibility on the keys .	0
i even downloaded the product 's user manual - useless .	0
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .	1
verdict : had i not needed something with a tad bit more space , i consider this player fair game .	0
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; . this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .	0
it practically plays almost everything you give it .	1
only con i can think of is no camera . . . .	0
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .	1
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warranty period is to expire .	0
symantec should give us all a refund and apology ! .	0
and really this is the best phone one could have .	1
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice .	1
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ) .	0
only then did i learn the truth -- this phone does not work with palm pdas ! .	0
proven canon built quality and lens .	1
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .	0
it holds almost a week 's worth of diapers , and you don 't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work .	1
my son tried it and he too couldn 't change the speed without an assist .	0
i can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images , calender events , contacts and anything else .	1
the handles make it very comfortable to use and i experience little vibration .	1
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking	0
other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won 't disappoint any already established nokia phone fans .	1
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .	1
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .	1
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best .	0
"the headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "" ear buds "" ."	0
apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment , and surprisingly wasn 't as expensive as its reputation normally holds .	1
it it is a bit heavy for hand held work , but any router this size will be .	0
the battery is nice .	1
this did n 't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size .	1
"the only complaint i have is that the 1/4 "" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4 "" bits ."	0
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .	1
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens ti gt and cause potential damage .	0
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .	0
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .	1
1 speakers at home , i rarely use it with the earbuds , though they are much better than the ones you normally get with other mp3 players .	1
the fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is really cool .	1
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod .	1
however , setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze .	1
it has given me zero problems , and the more i use it , the better i become at taking advantage of its strengths .	1
to set up the box , wap , and ether nest bridge , with the encryption on was less then 30 mins .	1
it is nokia and thus easy to access the menu options .	1
it looks great - and is loaded with features .	1
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .	1
the depth adjustment was sloppy .	0
the 4g ipod costs the same as this 5g zen micro .	1
the only other problem with this router that i have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick , then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated .	0
this camera uses a lithium battery , i find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient ; . because what if you are on vacation , where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station -- there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there .	0
i 'm not gonna go into the features cause if you 're reading this review , you 've probably already looked at them , but i must say the dj feature if very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus ! .	1
it seemed as if we were emoting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless .	0
the new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process .	1
i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size .	0
i would put the hitachi up with the best ! .	1
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .	1
the ear buds that come with it look cheap , but the sound quality is amazing .	1
the instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep .	1
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .	0
i also like the lock feature , so it makes the touch pad inactive .	1
even with that , i highly recommend this router - outstanding performer .	1
no way to contact their customer service .	0
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .	1
the phone can use any midi audio file as a ringtone .	1
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera .	1
if there were any complaints i have , they are marginal , but one is apples ' proprietary set-up for music files , their incompatibility with other music services ( i . e . napster ) is down right wrong .	0
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :	1
- large easy readable screen	1
"the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and so om not so good , but my feeling at this time is "" two thumbs up "" ! ."	1
no need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require ! .	1
"if you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged , they charge you roughly $105 . 50 per minute and blame you for "" abusing "" your ipod ."	0
even after all the nightmare sound problems , i 'd still half-way like this product if it kept it 's promise ; . the ability to store 1500 songs .	0
i 've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it .	1
can 't get easier than that ! .	0
thank you apple ! . you make fabulous products .	1
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it .	1
back in may 2004 , when i first reviewed this , it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run .	0
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .	1
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it .	1
i 've had nokia 's for years , and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone .	0
it is mindless to operate .	1
the dynamic range seems not quite as good as the kodak dc260 .	0
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .	0
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .	1
even with the waterproof housing it is small .	1
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .	1
the auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds .	0
all the features are incredibly intuitive , even for a novice like me .	1
i love that you don 't have to purchase expensive refills .	1
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .	0
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product .	0
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .	0
i forgot , the case does n 't fit .	0
you do get 1 more gb than an ipod mini .	1
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .	1
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! .	1
the os is ab it confusing at 1st , but within a few days you will pass this learning curve ! .	0
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .	1
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .	0
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price .	1
a huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it .	1
the tech support is worthless too .	0
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection .	0
i do n 't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags .	1
- the unit is easy to use and intuitive .	1
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get over illuminated main subjects with depth being lost .	0
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .	1
i actually purchased two phones recently ( this one at the new blackberry phone ) , and this one is far superior ( imho ) .	1
i must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held .	1
i have to say that i am very happy with it so far .	1
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .	0
i never get dropped calls .	1
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .	1
unfortunately i was wrong .	0
fortunately for me , i have yet to have a single problem with this player .	1
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .	0
a very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years .	1
of course , if you try to reach symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident .	0
i am really impressed by this dvd player .	1
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .	1
great product , easy to use , economical , effective , absolutly fabulous .	1
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows media player , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cb service ( gracenotes ) .	1
it barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzes all over the player , because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart .	0
it uses the extend able mmc memory , it is perfect for storing videos , pictures and mp3s .	1
go for the champ .	1
one drop from a pocket or desktop , and it 'd be a goner .	0
a decent piece of hardware with great speed ( i get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem ) and good signal quality .	1
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .	0
canon 's g3 does it consistently .	0
you 'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once .	0
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use .	1
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .	1
their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific .	1
so-so 1 . customer service - 6 calls half were efficient other half were equally incompetent .	0
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly	1
i have set up it 's pda features with avaunt . com where you can download info from sites like weather , map quest maps/directions into it , which is great .	1
*holds a lot of diapers -- a full week of toddler diapers ! .	1
the hitachi m12v is a dream to work with , smooth starts , adjustable speeds , micro-adjustable depth , and plenty of power to spare .	1
it 's so small .	1
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .	1
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .	1
feature for feature , i find it a very sweet little player ; . equipped with a higher end headphone system , between this and th larger zen hardly use my home stereo system anymore .	1
once again it won 't reinstall , even with online and email assistance from symantect technicians .	0
i had a sony ericsson t610 before this and the t610 is far inferior .	1
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .	1
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .	0
screen review could be better .	0
the handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving .	1
all in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment .	1
the pop up blocker and anti-spam are bonuses .	1
the only con i can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera .	0
there is no photo viewing option , however , there is a 20 gb photo ipod , but it costs $20 more .	0
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .	1
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .	1
only 1 problem , no accessories . . . yet .	0
if your looking for a great sounding mini player , you can 't go wrong with the zen micro .	1
again , this is a design flaw in the headphone ! .	0
you need to know absolutely nothing about setting up the network .	1
cons : no am/fm radio tuner -- something a large number of compete tors are doing	0
there are 2 things that need fixing first is the battery life . it will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons .	0
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom .	1
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any .	1
you can turn this phone into a gaming machine , a camcorder or a digital camera , an mp3-player , a movie viewer , a voice recorder , a personal secretary , a gaps map browser , a book , a multifunction remote controller , practically everything that you can do with the computer , plus it is a phone ( ! . ! . ) and also you can carry it in your pocket : ) .	1
overall , i highly recommend this phone .	1
the camera and video functionality is decent , i can 't see myself wasting my time with it , but some people will .	1
basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don 't and won 't need ( if you do get yourself a pda or pocket pc ) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .	0
this phone has a nice blend of features without going overboard .	1
a decent camera phone for taking quick pictures , movies , and having general all around fun with .	1
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .	1
"you can "" disable "" some of the individual components , but don 't be fooled -- they 're still there and running ."	0
the blue backlit lcd looks really neat and is easy to read .	1
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .	1
even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast .	0
we found that when you put a dirty diaper into the top loader , there was a tendency to get streaks which would then get on the plunger which would then have to get cleaned each time it was used .	0
the build quality feels solid , it does n 't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dots and dd5 . 1 sound good ) .	1
+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hard shell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +usb cable ! .	1
the eax sound enhancement feature did n 't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .	0
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .	1
creative has put a lot of effort into making this player appeal to those true geeks that search for coolness and functionality in electronic devices .	1
decent battery -- on the average size , but the 40gb comes with a dock .	1
as i drove across the country i lost reception only in eastern kentucky 's mountains .	1
installation was as near automatic as can be .	1
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all	1
the latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of the states but still operates in many countries , excluding new zealand and australia .	1
i love the camera .	1
however , the battery life is good enough you should n 't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .	1
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that .	0
i say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working , but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that i could have done if so ! .	0
"a lot of "" fragments "" were left in the registry , and it the norton system folders ."	0
they are a royal pain to install , and don 't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all .	0
"on several different occasions it has displayed "" no disc "" with a disc inside ."	0
for looks , well ipod is head and shoulders better , both the iriver and creative zen look positively ugly when next to a gleaming ipod .	1
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck	0
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .	1
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .	1
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying .	1
the interface is simple to use .	1
i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use .	0
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image	0
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .	1
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .	0
the antivirus feature is phenomenal , and is regularly updated .	1
having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific .	1
comments : overall this is still a great value , but is kind of overrated in the sense that there are beater deals on the market .	1
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .	1
on top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable , it is just a plunge router that works really well .	1
the new drivers on cannon 's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software .	0
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^	1
all in all , this is a wonderful device .	1
the picture quality surprised me , when i first saw this camera i saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good -- but i was wrong ! .	1
2 ) not very ergonomically - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )	0
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .	0
the best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking .	1
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .	1
other than that this thing is great . . .	1
after getting one for christmas from amazon , i 'm now a believer : the digital elph is truly the world 's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures .	1
"i could take 1/2 "" passes and it still didn 't skip a beat ."	1
its not a perfect system but its a very good one .	1
the sound is just fine .	1
you can use it as a storage hard drive .	1
the ipod is a very nice product , which given reasonable care , should give a lot of service .	1
again , the headphone jack on this thing is garbage .	0
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .	1
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .	1
after installation , which was very simple . . . . i downloaded any updated software from the creative website , before i downloaded any music .	1
so far i have used all of the above-mentioned features , and find them well designed , and easy to understand .	1
there is no odor and it is very easy to use .	1
not only is it inconvenient , but also the battery life span is short .	0
it comes with an adapter to plug into the wall , which i hear is a step up from the other ipods , which require you plug it into a computer to charge it .	1
this thing does everything but washes your dishes .	1
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good . . .	1
i have noticed an odor ( one the i expected ! . ) when unloading the diaper champ but at least you don 't smell anything every time you use it .	0
in short - nokia themselves don 't know that this phone doesn 't work with the palm , and if you don 't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts , chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly .	0
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .	1
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included .	0
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .	0
on my main computer the software did not work right .	0
i 'm sure i don 't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers , but i really like it ! .	1
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .	1
the service from t-mobile is very good too .	1
the height adjustment works well- not perfect .	1
we keep the diaper champ in our daughter 's nursery and her room definitely does not smell like dirty diapers .	1
the songs recorded with fm are as good as the original signal .	1
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .	1
now this router is not the cheapest on the market .	0
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .	1
"but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in "" auto "" mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! ."	1
the price / performance looked just right .	1
no vibration ! .	1
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .	1
"sometimes the pictures are on the dark side , but i 'm able to fix that using the photoshop 6 . 0 "" adjust levels "" function . . . not sure how a person would do that without photoshop , though ."	0
the instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the rp ms of the speed settings were mentioned .	0
1 . record around 1 hour of video with phillips camcorder pro .	1
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .	1
the router works fine for both wired and wireless .	1
the wrt54g plus the hga7t is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case .	1
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .	1
sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches .	0
the ! . sound quality is great .	1
there isn 't much features on the ipod at all , except games .	0
it offers way more features than i need but the ones i use work well .	1
all in all , the diaper champ serves its purpose , but it does not live up to its good reviews .	0
the height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy , but it works well and provides good accuracy .	1
with the right firmware , drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive .	1
in conclusion , this player is beautiful .	1
the bass is deep and the treble is clear .	1
i tried called apex cu st service , no help .	0
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .	0
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .	1
pick your favorite color and buy it .	1
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down .	1
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .	0
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical	0
i like the speed control .	1
it has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working ? .	0
3 ) 4x zoom is nice	1
it would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die .	0
"i thought given all the "" 10 "" reviews about this camera that i would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey ."	0
the ringtones are beautiful , the screen is super high quality .	1
even though i never ventured into the cloth land , i was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life ! .	1
i am giving a zero star to symantec for this version ! .	0
they have a good concept here , and i normally expect a lot better quality from creative , so maybe they will do better with the next gen version , but for now i say buyer beware .	0
i have read the installation instructions for both nis 2004 and navy 2004 prior to installation , but still ended up with the same result . . . junk software .	0
i still need to read up on some of the security settings , etc to fully understand all that 's up there , but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared to the speed boost router .	1
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .	1
white earbuds ( i replaced those with some shire headphones , big difference ) , a case , a stand , a clip ( which doesn 't really work ) , and a nice little zen micro bag .	1
once a depth is locked , it will jump off a little while working .	0
"the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's "" notmad "" software because of some advanced features i wanted ."	1
there is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedious activation process , and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive .	0
so , don 't buy this or upgrade .	0
i 'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies ( such a samsung and motorola ) it might be good . . . . but if you 're getting a nokia , don 't get this one .	0
i am now staring at an array of stuff including zen micro player , stereo earbud headphones , a rechargeable lithium-ion battery , an ac/dc power adapter , a usb 2 . 0 cable , a belt-clip , a stand , a stylish cloth pouch , an installation cd , a quick-start guide , and creative mediasource software .	1
transferring files couldn 't be easier thanks to the included software bundle .	1
i still like it a lot and am not changing it for another , but it is sort of stinky .	0
i can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time , it is that simple .	1
i must say , this one is quite slow to open an application .	0
with the automatic settings , i really have n 't taken a bad picture yet .	1
3 . bags are easy to change .	1
i would recommend this camera unequivocally ! .	1
limitations : - not a lot of original accessories like the ipod .	0
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling .	1
has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousands of songs and organizes them great .	1
i purchased this camera before it went on sale , and while i wouldn 't have minded keeping the extra $$$ , it was definitely worth it .	1
with the ipod , you can also store documents and contact files ( from programs such as microsoft outlook ) when it 's connected to your pc as an external hard drive .	1
i replaced it with a router raiser and it works much better .	0
at first i had a problem with some smell , then i realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all ! .	1
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .	0
i 've had no problems w/ this phone .	1
"the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an "" auto "" mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use ."	1
"big lcd screen - at least for me , 2 "" is enough"	1
utility its got a huge list of features including an fm recorder a calender and contacts list .	1
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display .	0
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera .	1
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc .	1
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .	1
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .	1
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n 't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .	1
i would highly recommend that you do this if you want to learn something , but if you are not interested in learning this stuff and just want a working wireless router , just get the wrt54g .	1
"who wants to go through the hassles of loading software onto a "" foreign "" computer just to move over some simple ( * . txt ) files ? ."	0
"the "" scene "" mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a "" regular "" setting ."	1
it beats apple on the storage space , it beats apple on the removable battery ( and batter life ) , and i personally like its interface more than the ipod scroll wheel .	1
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .	1
hate to wait between shots	1
so far the software for the pc works easily .	1
-user 's guide doesn 't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website .	0
where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable ( and they included a second one free ) .	0
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .	1
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective .	0
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n 't come in the overused blue .	0
i am an it professional and have used norton for years , but this product is a complete and utter dud .	0
it is so small that i am able to keep it in my pocket , and i don 't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable .	1
only slight negatives i 've had so far is that i haven 't been able to get it to accept any of my wav files yet .	0
and it is very easy to clean .	1
long live apple , long live macs , and long live the ipod ! .	1
this process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway .	0
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility .	1
the wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog .	1
this is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment .	0
i love this pail ! .	1
moving on to sound department . . . it delivers ! .	1
if you don 't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive , i 'd re comment buying it to try out , and also buy an extra 2 year warranty for it ( there are some offered here , for about $15 dollars i think ) .	1
this one is particularly bothersome : allegedly one can use the zen micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another .	0
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .	1
the screen is quite big ( between all hand phone ) , but the just about 65000 color .	1
the battery is removable .	1
"seems the "" program scan "" feature did not find the exe file for outlook ! ."	0
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .	0
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .	1
creative labs customer support website is useless .	0
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice .	1
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .	1
have a great and easy to use bundled software	1
what the hell is wrong with this thing .	0
the canon is very small , definitely pocket size , but still easy to hold firmly .	1
a lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for napster to go . . the firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it .	0
tough as nails .	1
the included headphones suck , so get your own .	0
now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! .	1
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .	0
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints .	1
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie levitt's , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .	1
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of .	0
the other controls are all very easy to use .	1
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n 't even gotten to all of them yet .	1
since zen does not have an external antenna it has some problems catching weak signals but it works .	0
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control .	0
overall an excellent phone .	1
but , i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment .	0
great features . . .	1
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n 't moving , the photos were awesome .	1
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .	1
glad to see the ed . revised the previous statements regarding image quality .	1
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .	1
i 'm not overly fond of green but when i used this hitachi m12v it turns out that now i 'm very fond of it .	1
my main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn 't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag .	0
upon opening the box i was confronted with this small cute little mp3 player .	1
. lens cap is a really annoying	0
also , the fit and finish could be better although this doesn 't detract from performance .	0
i 've had a lot of cameras , but this one is actually being used , and not stored in a desk : it 's all ways in my shiest pocket .	1
update i knew that i loved the champ , and using the diaper genie at a friend 's house really reinforced that ! .	1
it wo n 't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store bough ten .	0
the instructions that come with it do n 't explain how to make things simple .	0
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .	1
i did notice if you turn the phone on and off the os takes a bit to load up and initially the menus are slower but once the phone has been on and booted up the menus are reasonably quicker .	1
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .	1
the problems i had installing norton extended way beyond what symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with .	0
when the screen stops working , you 're out of luck ! .	0
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screen saver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc . )	1
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .	1
second , the setup cd actually worked perfectly .	1
best of all the wmas ( i have a lot of them ) sound great .	1
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .	0
long reboots due to norton taking forever to boot .	0
versatile and stylish .	1
all of this said [as it 's on it 's way back to amazon] , the one song it did include provided far better sound than the ipod .	1
the battery has a long life .	1
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .	0
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .	1
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it .	1
- radio quality : weak reception	0
the diaper champ is the best we found ! .	1
while they all seem to have their own positives and negatives , i picked the zen micro over the ipod mini , because i am not an apple person , never has been - i wanted something that is fully compatible with windows media player .	1
"the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful "" scene "" mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc . , are endless ."	1
yes , i recommend it over the competition .	1
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k . reeves .	1
second , it is incredibly easy to use .	1
*the ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily .	0
less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer .	1
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .	1
the device looks very cool , i think ( exactly as the photos promise ) , it 's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket , and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice .	1
however , if there was one thing i liked about the creative , it would be the car adapter .	1
you have to purchase that separately for some outrageous cost .	0
if you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday , nokia beats everyone else .	1
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person .	1
i have been very impressed with my purchase of the sd500 i bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it .	1
the headphones are not very comfortable , but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have .	0
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .	1
5 ) bluetooth wireless technology , so that i can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables .	1
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .	1
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it .	1
4 . the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) .	0
last , i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this .	0
its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge ( not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips ) .	0
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n 't like it too but no harm done since i always use the cam ea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n 't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; . that is what lamest exactly ot the picture .	0
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .	1
this holds alot and does not take up alot of space .	1
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .	1
very small .	1
the extra gb of hard rive space , remove able battery and fm tuner , as well as the fact that i was previously a satisfied owner of the nomad ii put it over the top for me .	1
it doesn 't bog down under load .	1
) creative , inc . the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box , then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on every single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices .	0
when i saw a high gain ( low price ) antenna was available to the wrt54g router , i thought i 'd happily give up some ( practically unattainable anyway , since you 've got to be in spitting distance from the router ) speed in favor of wider coverage .	1
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .	0
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine .	0
the one i purchased for a friend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .	0
this one is really great .	1
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .	1
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .	0
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .	1
it 's still alive , still kicking , and still playing .	1
i did n 't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! .	1
i researched and researched between getting the canon s20 or the canon s100 , and of course i got the latter ! .	1
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .	1
i was worried about what the sound quality would be like , but that seems to be just as good as the actual cd sound .	1
you can 't change the battery , so i don 't know what i 'm going to do in a year or so .	0
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .	1
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive .	1
we lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems .	1
turn the camera on while pressing the button ( or is it the menu button ? . i have to check again = ) ) and it 'l show you the time and date .	1
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .	1
other mp3 players won 't give you the sonic clarity of the zen at this compression level , so i imagine they won 't at lower ones , either .	1
well , it was nice while it lasted .	1
its just as fast as the included creative software , but much less invasive , and overall better looking .	1
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! .	0
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n 't mind buying notmad .	0
the creative zen micro is a zen micro killer , not an ipod killer .	0
since then , i have not found one major problem with it .	1
just follow the instructions carefully , it 's all based on a cd that has everything you need to get you up and running in no time .	1
no in box accessories -- an arm strap , belt strap , case , or anything would be nice , but nope . . . moveable parts -- this makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th ; . with moveable parts , its easy to damage an ipod at a gym , so this is for more casual listeners ; . note the ipod mini doesn 't have moveable parts and is made of titanium .	0
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly .	0
all-in-all , its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use .	1
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .	0
but it ; . you won 't regret it .	1
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! .	1
have used it frequently and have had no problems .	1
as of october , 2004 , these products are not working and i 'm ready to demand a refund from symantec .	0
the diaper champ is the best ! .	1
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .	0
my biggest concern is that i have found nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices , but they also don 't last as long .	0
too costly and not efficient if you ask me ! .	0
i discovered that the camera has a manual mode that gives you total control over exposure , white balance , flash ( red eye , person against bright background , flash on , flash off , flash automatic ) .	1
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .	1
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display	0
the sd500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months , and the lcd has been broken twice .	0
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc . .	1
. images taken indoor were n 't so clear .	0
fm tuner & microphone : having a tuner in the player is a blessing .	1
another problem i had with this camera was the zoom function .	0
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .	0
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .	1
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo .	1
i 've searched the program and their online tech support ( worthless ) and have found no solutions .	0
while the software may not be as easy as i-tunes , it is not difficult to use by any stretch .	0
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod .	1
the player looks great , feels great , and sounds great .	1
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you .	1
the movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160x120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640x480 .	0
i take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice .	1
the price compared to the ipod is great .	1
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .	1
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .	0
the bass treble the sound detail is aw some .	1
this router was a huge disappointment .	0
this player seems to work fine with everything else .	1
i occasionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly ( yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode ) .	0
probably a great phone overall , and perhaps mine just has bugs .	1
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n 't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery .	1
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! .	0
they have the worst service of any of the major companies .	0
not only is it much more cost effective ( you can use regular trash bags rather than refills at $5 a pop ) , it is easier to use and clean , and has a larger capacity .	1
i purchased this over the ipod mini because it had several nice features : extra 1g storage , wma support , replaceable battery , and especially that it wasn 't an apple product with their proprietary architecture .	1
nokia was my first non flip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them .	1
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .	1
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market .	1
reliability & build i dropped the player once from about 4 ft , and it fell hard , but kept on playing .	1
yes , there is a belt clip , but that doesn 't hold the extra battery and usb cable .	0
dont rely on t-mobile rebates .	0
my only complaint and the reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren 't as intuitive as they should be .	0
diaper champ is by far the best diaper pail ! .	1
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .	1
"20 gb or 40 gb ? . the pros of the 40 gb : comes with a "" dock station "" and double storage space ( 10 , 000 songs ) ."	1
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .	0
this is a great diaper pail .	1
for more than a year , and it is totally reliable .	1
it plays everything , even vcd 's .	1
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too .	1
video output stopped working .	0
ball metaphor : i was hoping creative hit a home run here , and i think the zen micro is more like a stand-up double .	1
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n 't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera .	1
the entire unit was poorly crafted .	0
i have overall been disappointed with nokia in the past , finding that samsung and motorola tended to have better quality phones .	0
i 'll be getting a second one for my router table ! .	1
the only free help you get is in renewing your subscription ! .	1
this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod .	1
even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity .	1
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .	1
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .	0
you can use the ob ex file transfer service with bluetooth from linux ( kde-bluetooth provides a nice integration into conqueror for this ) for sending files to the phone .	1
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .	1
i must say , i think this is the coolest camera i 've ever owned ! .	1
my first impression was positive .	1
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .	1
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .	1
the screen 's large and easily read .	1
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; . not sensitive enough at others .	0
5 . the camera installed on this phone is awesome .	1
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! .	1
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .	0
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable .	0
respectable , solid , but not awe-inspiring .	0
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus . for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n 't bother , this is a much better buy .	1
works great ! . ! . ! . ! .	1
the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive .	1
my brother had an old linksys b band wireless router in his home and it was like magic .	1
this phone is fantastic .	1
the darn thing works as promised and it 's amazingly cheap too .	1
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n 't moving in time to the dialog ) .	0
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .	0
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .	1
shortly after i brought it , the plunging shafts started sticking .	0
small size .	1
the ones i 've kept ( porter cables , dew alts , bosch , and this hitachi ) have proven their worth over the years , however , when i need a real workhorse , i grab this router .	1
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .	1
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! .	1
this product is by far the best broadband router on the market , i bought this to replace one of those linksys instant wireless b routers , worked great for about a year .	1
software - music match jukebox is n 't the greatest , the search function is n 't fast even when accessing it with the hot key shortcut .	0
the hard case they give with it must work well .	1
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! .	0
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .	0
the nokia 660 runs the symbian os , which works pretty well for most standard phone fare , most of the stuff is not that intuitive , but if you actually learn how to use it all , there 's plenty of neat tie-ins .	1
"the fact that the "" 0 "" key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the "" # "" key instead ."	0
after multiple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .	0
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image ! .	1
1 ) price / gb of storage	1
i don 't know why cnet says there is a problem with focus , i have all my pictures sharp and high quality .	1
customer service : awful . listen to this one , remember the battery statement i made earlier .	0
"i know the saying is "" you get what you pay for "" but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse ."	0
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some .	1
the quick sync is n 't any good because it either needs to be configured properly or just is n 't very useful .	0
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box ! .	1
iriver has a better fm receiver built in , but the drawback to iriver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed .	0
"we tried the "" finding memo "" dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason ."	0
1 no direct firewire to the camera .	0
personally , i am very pleased with the diaper champ .	1
*	0
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .	1
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .	1
in minutes i was easily navigating through the menus .	1
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .	1
and i can 't warn you enough to stay away from norton ! . ! .	0
i have ripped over 100 songs from my cd collection and it was so easy and fast , and they all sound great .	1
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .	1
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .	1
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .	0
but , for the money it is a good machine .	1
"the bottom line is "" phone is cool one - only for the moment , as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features , but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones "" ."	1
i got it working fast enough .	1
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .	1
* removable battery	1
this is an excellent router for the price .	1
the player itself has all sorts of problems .	0
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .	0
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .	1
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .	1
i love the slim design ; . the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky .	1
i was looking for a phone which synced with mac osx using bluetooth , had decent battery life , could check email , had good reception , nice screen size and was durable ( i break often break small gadgets )	1
most of the other players i checked dont have user serviceable battery .	1
firewire & usb2 . 0 -- for those fortunate enough to have firewire400 , your in for a real treat with auto sync .	1
* software is absolutely terrible :	0
the only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming .	0
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .	1
we are overall pleased with product .	1
this way i never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones , i can get whatever i want .	1
aside from a 6mb++ built-in phone memory , there 's a 32mb mmc card that goes with it ! .	1
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n 't cover up the ac jack .	0
i thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time .	0
all you have to do is click one button on the router configuration window and the router automatically senses the devices and configures the network .	1
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage	0
i have stored 40 audio cds and i still have close to 2 . 8 gb free .	1
"difficult navigation - i wo n 't necessarily say "" difficult , "" but i do n 't enjoy the scroll wheel to navigate ."	0
"the "" movies "" last about 5 seconds ."	0
the soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation .	1
it also works just fine for international calls .	1
the two-times optical zoom operates smoothly and quietly , and lo and behold , a two-piece shutter-like cap automatically slides closed over the lens when you turn the camera off .	1
gets nice sound too .	1
love the speaker phone .	1
we resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the diaper champ for wet diapers only .	0
it all sounds great too .	1
when the player was working it was great , but .	0
and with usb 2 . 0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .	1
the other thing i do n 't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated .	0
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .	0
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing .	0
sound : this is where i love zen the most .	1
anyway , my wife got this for me for my birthday and i love the thing .	1
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .	0
in the hands of someone who does n 't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .	1
and so far , i have been very , very happy with my zen micro .	1
if compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera , the canon powershot s100 digital elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design .	1
to install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called symantec or nortron , . . . also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted .	0
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .	1
night mode is clear as day .	1
i 've have many nokia 's and while this is the best for features , it 's the worst as a phone .	0
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n 't work ! .	0
having usb 2 . 0 makes for very fast transfers .	1
the dual antenna is a plus and the design is slick .	1
its well made and user friendly .	1
with the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn , it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones .	1
as a loyal customer of norton/symantec products , i purchased internet security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product ( and hence the one star rating ) .	0
i downloaded the new firmware which was supposed to take care of the problem , but it hasn 't worked .	0
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .	1
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging -- - how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )	1
"at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my "" alias "" dvds as well ."	0
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .	1
i 'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop , but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until linksys improves their desktop software/hardware .	0
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice .	0
bottom line : if you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services , and are willing to deal with the possibility ( not the certainty ) of setup gremlins , by all means get the zen micro .	1
but be prepared to buy something else ( diaper genie ? . ) which can trap the odor better .	0
i tried the cd setup program without any luck .	0
fm receiver - it has none .	0
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and br mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .	1
the thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome ! .	1
further , the tech specs suggest that it has better audio quality than the ipod .	1
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it .	1
"the sound is great , the portability , etc . . . all the "" stuff "" you expect from a good mp-3 player , this zen micro has it ."	1
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .	0
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .	1
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch .	1
"putting the micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything ( unless the hold feature is improved : it asks if you want to "" unholy "" for every button up press ) second , i 'm worried about the durability of the player ."	0
just don 't get drawn into t-mobile 's catchy rebate .	0
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! .	1
t simply the best player on the market for a really low price , so why look anywhere else ? .	1
5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! .	0
the sound quality is superb , much better than that of an ipod , in my opinion .	1
i 've had this player for more than 4 months and i 'm very happy with it .	1
the only thing i do n 't like about this is the cover does suck .	0
the picture quality of this camera is outstanding ( taking its ' size and price into consideration ) .	1
i find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can 't tightly bundle it without a mess , the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is outside of the diaper pail .	0
learning how to use it will not take very long .	1
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but can not be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .	0
yin to point out they have experience , and so the reliability of the connection you get is among the best .	1
the base was deeper and the highs were crisper .	1
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .	1
definitely a great camera .	1
"also included in the "" games "" section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your own songs ."	1
i also had no problems installing or running the camera software on my pc .	1
i 've been incredibly happy with this camera .	1
to make matters work , there is no manual override to overcome this problem .	0
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold .	0
it 's the same body as the popular elp2 aps camera ( take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you 'll have an idea of the front profile ! . ) .	1
this is the best phone i have seen .	1
"got a "" system error "" problem 30 days after purchase ."	0
if you want to work wirelessly , this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now .	1
this linksys router does it for the right price .	1
i was more excited about this player upon opening than i was about the nomad .	1
the only disappointment so far has been battery life .	0
for the money , i 'm not sure you can do better .	1
pi ii 1ghz 512mb rd ram windows xp pro 80gb hd i was able to uninstall nis 2003 and install nis 2004 with no trouble .	1
"unlike some of the other people who received a "" lemon "" , my dvd player came in perfect working condition ."	1
i 'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of its li-ion battery , the better firmware , or a combination of both factors .	1
this phone is one of the best i 've ever used .	1
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory .	1
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .	1
"otherwise , this is a great "" alternative "" mp3 player for those of use who don 't want to worship the mighty all-powerful apple ."	1
this one has a good looking .	1
i decided to go with the diaper champ rather than the more popular diaper genie , because i didn 't like the idea of having to buy special bags .	1
also , the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree .	1
i love the diaper champ , it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn 't cost an arm and a leg for refills .	1
one cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem .	1
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc .	1
the first thing i did was upgrade the firmware to the version required for wmp10 , it syncs flawlessly with media player and transfers are fast .	1
the linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a mac .	0
looks and durability : i realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface .	0
but if i installed either one of these norton products , neither works after installation ? .	0
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .	0
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it .	0
creative media source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it , and the file transfers are fast .	1
no line out jack - as i said , there is none .	0
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n 't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage .	0
it had issues right off the bat , with freezing up , staying in 'shutting down ' mode , and just not functioning very well in general .	0
i also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact ps cameras since it 's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot .	1
first of all , i 've never been big on earbuds - they 're just not that comfortable .	0
the subscription files are still a little slower to transfer , but it 's only by about 10% or so .	0
however , it is much bigger , bulkier , and heavier than my other router and i would not like to use it freehand ( i keep it mounted in a table ) .	0
opening the champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- i pinched my thumb a few times before i got the hang of it .	0
the hitachi has plenty of power , runs smooth , and cuts effortlessly through maple ( with freud bits ! . )	1
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .	1
we have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck ( we always wrap them in the dirty diaper ) .	1
it is an extremely cool cozmo .	1
the fm tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake .	1
i was some what sceptically when i seen the price deference between the other makers of comparable hp .	0
what an upgrade ! . ! . ! .	1
the colors are a joke , and i personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad .	0
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .	0
"the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n 't as easy as the ipod 's , or as "" sexy "" looking ."	0
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .	1
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it .	1
also , diapers tend to stay in the middle , causing the pail to get backed up .	0
fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the met 60 ct-4 .	1
what a kick butt mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source , instead of paying for them two or three times , then get the creative zen ipod killer , kiss my ass itunes ! .	1
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response .	0
unlike other reviewers , i have found the support to be responsive , almost no wait time on the phone , and relatively knowledgeable .	1
the pictures are tack sharp , colors are vivid , and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire .	1
especially the bluetooth server . . . meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again .	0
both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best .	0
before you run out and buy an ipod , understand something : there are reasons the zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle , principally excellent ( for mp3 ) sound quality .	1
the actual experience of using the ipod is magnificent .	1
the product i rate five stars ,	1
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc . , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .	1
other than that , the simian series 60 os is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you 're willing to hunt for it .	1
why bother when it works perfectly with media player 10 ? .	1
they are extremely convent and you don 't have to buy them seperately has i-tunes , which provides quality music at low prices .	1
overall , it does its basic function very well , but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the zen micro does not rise to the occasion .	0
t-mobile was a pretty good server .	1
this was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit .	1
speaking of battery , it 's removable and replaceable ! .	1
i would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature .	0
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .	1
although it has chubby hips , the device isn 't really so big .	1
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .	1
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch .	0
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .	1
however since this router is backward compatible , that doesn 't pose a problem at all .	1
made the camera totally inoperable .	0
works perfectly with my netgear wireless paramecia .	1
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be .	0
ultimately you will learn just how bad nokia is , and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved .	0
along the way we compared it to my wife 's t720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life , connectivity bars and features .	1
it feels tiny in the hand without it .	1
the size is tiny , which i love .	1
not plug & play ; . relies on id3 ; . no fm or recording	0
having the digic ii chip helps a lot .	1
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .	0
1 . pictures wo n 't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable .	0
with one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around , seamless bluetooth sync with microsoft outlook , support for thousands of applications for the symbian platform which this phone runs on ( i own the ir remote , iq and a few others ) , the nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from t-mobile that can claim such a distinction .	1
outside of the t-mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto at&t wireless and various other services where the t-mobile service was unavailable .	1
it definitely keeps the smell out .	1
"they said they would refund all the money , but a month later , they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "" handle "" and ship a cd ? . -- and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails ."	0
it has many great features and very few bad ones .	1
oh . . . and file transfers are fast & easy .	1
i am happy with the fact that i can use any bag in there and dont ' have to pay out the nose for replacements .	1
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .	0
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used .	1
this is my first digital camera and i could n 't be happier .	1
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to .	1
so far , the anti-spam feature seems to be very good .	1
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .	0
there are no spec ail bags to deal with or buy ! .	1
one bad thing though , i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .	0
speaker volume is loud and clear but it sacrifices the battery life .	0
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .	0
secondly , all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of usb wires .	1
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended .	0
t610 supports only midi files .	0
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .	1
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has .	1
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .	0
creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature . .	1
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ) .	0
"my sd500 focuses flawlessly , does not "" whine "" during video , and my pictures are razor sharp ."	1
the included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well .	1
while transferring songs to the player , the interface has crashed a few times ( 4-5 times in a 4-5 hour period ) normally this would cause me major concern , but it appears that this bug is reproducible , which leads me to believe that creative will fix it with a patched version shortly ( or maybe it 's just my computer ) .	0
i liked this one enough to buy another .	1
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .	1
2 ) storage capacity	1
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior .	1
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .	0
the total price with delivery ( free shipping ) was $135 ! .	1
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy .	1
pros : large hard drive for the $$ -- 20gb and 40gb are both affordable .	1
it is crystal clear .	1
honestly , i love this player .	1
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )	0
linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding .	1
2 ) the champ uses regular store bags .	1
other than this , i am very pleased with the router and would buy it again .	1
the zen was an impressive purchase and i would highly recommend it to anyone using napster .	1
battery non-issue .	1
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .	1
can recommend the hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on amazon it is a bargain .	1
i give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user .	0
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery	1
the firmware has bugs too , so download and install the latest firmware from linksys .	0
- well-backlit keypad	1
after upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine .	1
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n 't make that big of a disturbance .	1
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .	1
overall , i am very pleased with it .	1
because this camera is beautiful .	1
if you experience problems with installation , you can visit symantec 's website , click the support tab , click the 'home or home office support ' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it .	0
this year , it seems that i choose my timing perfectly , having discovered the awesome device that is the zen micro .	1
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .	1
6 ) the phone is really wide , which seems to be a turnoff for many people , but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic .	1
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .	1
the auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject .	0
don 't use them , so i delete them for addle space .	0
i purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the ct people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed .	1
fyi , battery doesn 't die if you don 't use lcd	1
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .	0
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .	1
"i had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the norton firewall vs . the windows firewall , and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because i did not have a "" customer priority id number . """	0
i was looking for something that wasn 't too complicated to use and to help the pics i post on ebay show more detail .	1
the only downside i see is that it does n 't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .	0
it also holds a lot more diapers .	1
no memory stick slots -- although a rare feature , it would be nice to have extra storage , not that it needs it built-in lithium battery -- a huge hassle to bring this back ; . draining the battery once you get it helps , but removable/replaceable ones are a lot more convenient	0
i was up all night trying to make the stupid thing work , to no avail .	0
but canon never fails to amaze .	1
five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums .	1
perfect size ! . beats the competition by leaps and bounds .	1
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .	0
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .	1
then when i went to norton 's website to obtain a priority id number per the instructions i had been given , i couldn 't find a way to get one .	0
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .	1
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n 't as easy as i would have liked .	0
the fact that has an open-source firmware makes it a great option in my opinion .	1
in fact , i liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old , that i bought one for our new baby 's room .	1
ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone i have owned .	1
it has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight .	1
way to go apple ! .	1
when the overall image quality ( especially natural colours , details , natural looking of the pictures ) is the most important thing , then this camera its top notch and very impressive .	1
but , i would definately recommend this phone .	1
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .	0
this is truly a clydesdale among the industry 3hp+ router workhorses .	1
the song quality of the ipod is excellent , and the included ear buds are actually more than satisfactory , for most users .	1
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .	1
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its program and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n 't want to bother with the settings .	1
all of the wireless components that i bought were a breeze to set up as well .	1
as a computer , or pda its weak since the screen , while large by phone standards , is still tiny to really do anything on .	0
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; . it does n 't show the complete file names of mp3s with really long names ; . you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc . ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .	0
neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings .	1
the i-pod is the best thing i have ever used .	1
it fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed , doesn 't look to ostentatious while i 'm walking around with it .	1
i like the size and weight of this little critter .	1
i didn 't have any major problems installing this software .	1
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .	1
creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean .	1
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily .	1
this phone is a winner . . .	1
i have transferred in about 2 , 400 tracks so far - very easy to use both the ipod and itunes .	1
this router acts as a wireless access point , 100 mb switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device .	1
the camera is a dream to operate in auto mode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .	1
if there was a zero-star rating i would give it .	0
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .	0
awesome for the newbie , though i personally like to fasten every bolt myself .	1
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .	1
i have about 6 gb used on my ipod so far ( well over 1000 songs ) , and as far as i can tell , all of them play at near-cd quality .	1
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .	1
if it weren 't so big i would probably by another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers . .	0
this camera is so light and tiny that i literally carry it everywhere with me , which is great considering i 'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting .	1
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc .	1
plus , if you order from amazon . com , they will exchange it for you no problem .	1
now that i have all my music on it there has n 't been any more problems .	1
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .	1
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .	1
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! .	1
i wo n 't go into the details here , as the online sites ( steve's digicams , previews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .	1
negatives of the player itself : you need to do a little work before having full enjoyment of this player .	0
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; . it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .	1
but , all of this means nothing , because of the serious , serious , stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw : after 3 months , give or take a few weeks , you won 't be able to hear anything .	0
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .	0
i purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of nokia phones available .	0
"1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , "" dad ! . somethings wrong with the dvd player ! . come quick ! . """	0
this is a great deal , and i 'm elated with my decision to go with hitachi 's green machine .	1
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .	0
forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds .	0
the other pail i used started to smell after 2 weeks of use .	0
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no vi sable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .	1
however after playing with it for three weeks now , i 'm convinced , the zen micro is superior .	1
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .	1
in addition , i do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours , and it can take four hours for a full charge .	0
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player . for the first three hours , and then it died .	0
i am getting better speeds on all my web programs .	1
its sleek design , large memory capacity , compatibility with itunes , and ease of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market .	1
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n 't anticipate any problems with it .	1
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons .	0
i 'd say that this camera is perfect .	1
i 'm not sure why all the bad reviews , my computer isn 't especially slowed down and i have win '98 .	1
it has a classic design yet looks hip .	1
so , why the small digital elph , rather than one of the other cameras with better resolution or picture quality ? . size[+2]	1
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukebox ed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) .	1
i love this camera ! .	1
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .	0
the zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet .	0
they take excellent macro shots as well .	1
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot .	0
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .	1
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly .	0
by far this seems to be the best value out there for the money ; . if you are undecided , the creative zen micro seems to be the best choice .	1
about the only legitimate criticism from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .	0
i was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories ( desk stand/hard case , belt clip , wall charger , etc ) .	1
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .	0
still , that 's enough time that i 'm still satisfied , if a bit grouchy with creative 's over hyped promises .	0
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .	1
"all the "" cool "" features of the mini , but with 20gb instead of 5 ."	1
the only problem is the battery life .	0
"i don 't have problems with the depth adjustment , the speed control , the collet ( i haven 't tried the 1/4 "" sleeve yet ) ."	1
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 .	1
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1 . 1 or 2 . 0 .	0
i absolutely love it .	1
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .	0
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .	0
a little weighty ( 9 ounces . . . no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .	0
the look & feel : i have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambiance .	1
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .	0
the picture rs are amazing .	1
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective )	0
but for now it appears that this player does n 't play well with itunes .	0
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed .	1
i find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much .	0
this is my first mp3 player and i am so impressed with what such a small device can do .	1
do n 't buy this player .	0
this is a fantastic tool to use .	1
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .	1
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .	1
you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy .	1
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .	1
actually , the creative zen micro solves all that .	1
having done all this , i was quite pleased to see that all corners i needed were decently covered by the signal .	1
solid food poop is very stinky and this diaper pail doesn 't really contain the smell .	0
5 . check traffic411 . com for la traffic on the 405 .	1
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .	0
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ) .	0
the only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust .	0
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far .	1
it seems like the software is just not responding .	0
there is also a small covering for the lens , so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched .	1
the speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool ( screwdriver or dowel rod ) to effect any speed change .	0
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones .	0
overall it is the best camera on the market .	1
the only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment .	0
the software failed repeatedly .	0
i read many reviews on norton i . s . 2004 from a variety of sources ( cnet , amazon , message boards ) and came to the conclusion that nis 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update .	0
the micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface .	1
the product has worked perfectly for me on my xp .	1
this is a quality product , not to be confused with the cheap junk that hitachi gets manufactured in china .	1
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .	1
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong .	1
there is no comparison , the champ is easy and smell free , the genie was difficult to use one handed ( which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad ) and there was a def finite odor emanating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn 't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ .	1
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out .	0
on the plus side it 's packed with features , including bluetooth that works fine - it 's really a tiny computer that is also a phone . . . and that 's the negative .	0
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .	1
the first one we installed did n 't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least .	0
it is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth precisely .	1
the installation software cd crashed repeatedly .	0
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .	1
i installed , activated and registered nis 2004 without issue .	1
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .	1
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing .	1
it holds quite a few diapers , and pops them in quickly and easily .	1
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .	0
i 've had nothing but good luck with t-mobile .	1
i then tried to set up the router through linksys 's browser interface , but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation cd , i had little luck - i did manage to connect briefly , but the connection kept dropping , and with no idea of how to resolve that issue , i gave up .	0
it 's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool , and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great .	1
picture and video quality is ok .	1
apex 's website is down and they wo n 't answer their phone .	0
the box is upstairs , and in the farthest room i get connected at 11-18m speed - that is similar to the older 10m ethernet standard .	1
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; . there are tons of features i have n 't even gotten to .	1
second might be a problem i might have with my pc but not too sure , when the player is connected on the usb and i start playing on it and also using the windows explorer , it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronize with the pc during play , which is a bit irritating .	0
look at the size of it ! .	1
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .	1
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .	1
t-mobile wasn 't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate .	0
they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy .	0
this time , it started the installation process , then i left for work . i think it will work . i hope it will work .	0
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .	1
the battery is also convenient , but could have been better , such as the zen touch 's battery ( but at least this one is removable ) .	1
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .	1
all in all i am pleased with the router .	1
all the buttons & necessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .	1
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .	0
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .	0
sharper pictures .	1
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e . , mp3s ) .	1
i was an early purchaser of the wrt54g , and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally , the march 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product ! .	1
i 've often struggled to get something to work the way i want it , and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time ! .	0
i took it out one day and the lcd was not working .	0
it is n 't big and offensive , though you would n 't know it by looking at the pics it takes .	1
+sorts music by artist , album , genre , etc . . . it 's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you 're looking for .	1
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .	0
i am glad that i do not work for norton .	0
crappy headphones .	0
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .	1
this did manage to cut the number of pop ups during start-up from 4 down to 2 .	1
if you use linux and want gr ps and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device , and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you .	1
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .	1
i did n 't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .	1
the zen offered a great alternative .	1
"we can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong , and thus eliminate the need for third-party "" asking "" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks ."	0
next , the big reason not to buy any norton product : if there 's a problem with it , norton charges $30 to even tell them about it .	0
if you want a sharp looking , fast digital camera and you don 't need or want manual controls , then this is the camera for you ! .	1
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd .	0
- included creative software is pretty poor .	0
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .	0
this really is a great little phone ; . its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! .	1
if you can get one with all the accessories and a cheap extended warranty , this is the player to get ! . highly recommended .	1
i did like the heft of the machine .	1
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product .	1
their customer ( www . apex digital inc . com ) service is very poor .	0
for the zen creative focused on packaging which looked well thought out , well presented and easy to open and put back together .	1
the phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display , long rundown time and a good software suite .	1
but for what i do use it is perfect .	1
the supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre ipod buds .	1
and best of all , no wasting money on special refill bags -- -this takes ordinary garbage bags ! .	1
if you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you zen micro , expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big time . .	0
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i . e . organizer ) , and the radio ! .	1
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain .	1
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! .	1
great price .	1
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2 . 5 mm headset jack .	0
no offense to amazon , but i was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks ( i 'm sure prices here will continue to sink ) , and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space .	1
i also love that you can flip the device with one hand . . .	1
another problem is that the latest 2 . 0 firmware upgrade moves you into windows media player 10 which seems to be very , very slow for downloads . charging[-2]	0
the photostitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots .	1
i am quite happy with the camera .	1
it came with a good fence that is simple yet precise and thats well made and won 't break .	1
also the battery life isn 't great but it 's sufficient for my needs .	0
also , some other mp3 players such as the nitrus allow you to play wma ( windows media audio ) files , whereas the ipod does not .	0
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .	1
all-in-all , creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features , and i look forward to the nomad/zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype .	1
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .	1
i recently bought the linksys wrt54g router and have been very happy with the router itself .	1
i feel much less likely to drop this phone than others , which are actually starting to get too small .	1
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .	0
it has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside .	1
also , the instruction manual is very bad .	0
. this camera keeps on outfoxing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped .	0
i use it in the table ( never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob ) , in my woo drat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances .	1
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .	0
door broke after a month .	0
but it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2 . 1 mp camera .	1
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad .	1
i then realized a major design flaw .	0
both the on/off switch ( soft start ) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand .	1
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .	1
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .	1
i saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and i feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time .	0
battery : compared to the other players on the market , the ipod has one of the worst batteries around .	0
multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you 'd expect .	0
if i could , i 'd trade-up on my creative muvo2 and snag a zen micro tomorrow .	1
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 .	0
the volume .	0
the service from the supplier was exceptional .	1
the earbuds that come with it are n 't that bad .	1
lastly , the price is fantastic :	1
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .	1
the sound is quite good , in terms of volume .	1
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .	0
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .	0
the power , low noise operation , and speed control makes up for the problems i have experienced .	1
features : click wheel to navigate ; . ability to work with windows or mac ; . optional back lighting ( you can have it on all the time , or have it shut off to save battery power after 5 , 10 , or 20 seconds ) ; . ability to download pda info ; . automatic or manual download from itunes when ipod is plugged into your computer .	1
if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket , take great pics and video , get the sd500 .	1
but those 2 come up every time .	0
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .	1
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; . a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibels , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .	1
the battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use .	0
after a recent update , i can no longer open more then 1 browser window .	0
as it turns out , this is an awesome camera ! .	1
the file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use .	1
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperture priority , light metering adjustments , etc . , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .	1
the storage capacity is great .	1
"because the "" engineers "" at creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack ."	0
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .	1
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n 't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .	0
it has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we 've ever tested .	1
it took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn 't called me yet with any problems .	1
the voice recorder is a beautiful add-on ; . not even necessary , but just an example of why apple just wants your money and creative labs wants to make a better player .	1
way less expensive than the ipod .	1
i really regret signing up with t-mobile , but i 'm stuck with them for the next 6 months of the contract .	0
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to .	0
don 't care about sunlight : it 's tft .	1
i thought this camera was awful and i did tons of research on cnet and other sites .	0
unfortunately , creative offered scant few pages of instruction , which meant that i was on own from the outset .	0
no need for deodorizers .	1
i own this phone for about 6 months now , i have used the following features : bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with outlook , transfer files ( movies , songs ) , i have many movies on it now with a 512mb memory card that it takes .	1
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .	1
i enjoy getting use to the touch pad .	1
sure they say if it 's their fault you won 't get charged , but they are the ones who get to decide whether it 's their fault .	0
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway .	0
i almost always get a good strong signal , even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest .	1
there technical service isn 't helpful either ; . they just read what 's on their website and charge you $50 ( + toll fees ) to do it .	0
a bit disappoint on that ! .	0
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .	0
this camera is great if you 're used to a high-end slr .	1
i have noted that as you use the tool , sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention .	0
this new click wheel ipod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection .	1
the hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately .	0
a great camera , but here are some points which i don 't notice in most of the reviews here , which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer :	1
what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off .	0
what i really like about- its quite , it can handle my workload and it was so cheap that i can throw it away and buy another one without blinking .	1
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .	1
i received this little jewel as a gift and i can honestly say absolutely love it .	1
"my "" fast forward "" button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go ."	0
the design of the col lets is excellent and far exceeds any of the craft man ( toy/junk ) routers i have previously purchased .	1
this dvd play is basically junk .	0
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market .	1
when i opened the box , i was shocked by the size of this thing . . . it 's tiny ! .	1
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .	1
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .	0
now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will ! .	0
no down time , great signal strength .	1
if this machine just stops on you , unplug it quickly and get out of the way ! .	0
i , as many others , have waited for many years for the convergence of price , features , size and ease of use to hit that happy center point .	1
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .	1
"in a word , "" awesome "" is how i would describe this camera ."	1
mediasource did not recognize my tags ! .	0
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .	1
it really is the perfect travel camera , plus it offers the convenience of digital photography .	1
it is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great .	1
freebies you get : a cradle with detachable stand and belt clip , some thing very handy and useful .	1
there are a lot of things i like about it .	1
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .	1
the biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin 's player was relatively new , it was riddled with scratches .	0
i did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here .	1
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .	1
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution .	1
however , configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours , and briefly made me reconsider my choice to for ego the airport and its notoriously easy setup .	0
"the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with "" canned air . """	0
so the pretty solid router all around good for the money here 's the link to firmware updates http : //www . suavest . com/forum6 . html	1
for the price i don 't think you can beat it .	1
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .	0
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera . .	1
by no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it , just be able to put a cd in the computer and it tells you what to do .	1
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play .	1
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones .	1
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed .	1
i wanted standard memory expansion ( cf cards ) , macro mode , and if possible , a waterproof housing ( for kayaking ) .	1
i find it very stable and comfortable to use , it doesn 't jump around or make me feel like i need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control , and it has very good visibility to see your cut .	1
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone .	1
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes .	1
"you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of "" now playing "" interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical ."	1
it holds plenty of songs .	1
the only knock i have is that the flash is underpowered .	0
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas .	0
also , the wma compression format is superior to mp3 , especially at lower bit rates , so i needed a player that could handle wma and integrate well with my windows xp computers .	1
have had the player since xmas's and love it ! .	1
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disappointed ! .	0
i loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and , very importantly , the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous .	1
the battery life can 't be very long ; . let 's not be greedy .	0
the only thing i don 't like about it is that you have to buy a larger memory card , first thing ! .	0
"oh , and another is the cool "" halo "" light that surrounds the touch pad , and light 's up when you touch the screen , and how the light glows when the zen is connected to the computer ."	1
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .	0
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .	1
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .	0
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n 't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with .	1
i didnt have any installation problems ; . and the touch pad is fine , even if it is sort of inaccurate .	1
also , it takes any kitchen sized trash bag , so there is no special bag to stock .	1
norton support is completely pathetic .	0
also if you do manage to get it installed , any problems with liveupdate or with system works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating internet security .	0
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .	1
2 . take around 10 , 000 640x480 pictures .	1
buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer .	0
it 's oval and . . . nice .	1
i am impressed with this camera inside and out .	1
although the sd500 takes great quality photos , the sensitivity of the lcd compromises the quality overall .	0
unarguably better than apple 's , and nice earbuds to boot .	1
once you set it up , it 's great .	1
video recording is limited at just 9 seconds .	0
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n 't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .	0
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .	1
i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like itunes ( no music i want , but thats just me ) and the creative product was cheaper ; . and i needed to be able to use wma files .	1
this camera is bulletproof .	1
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear .	1
there are some highs to the 2004 edition , but mostly lows .	0
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; . it does not charge by usb cable ; . this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .	0
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .	1
only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash .	0
when it 's working , it 's great but it is very temper mental .	1
i gave up and got a diaper decor .	0
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .	1
there are extra features packed inside this unit ( some that most will hardly ever use ) such as fm radio tuner , voice recorder , calendar , and alarm clock .	1
other plusses : changeable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod .	1
it 's not the heaviest around ( i think porter-cable has that distinction ) , but i found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation .	0
"i recently had to run a 3/4 "" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn 't even slow down ."	1
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .	0
"update : the finish is more "" mirror "" than silver -- and i like it ! ."	1
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .	1
i think it 's great .	1
the support has been less than impressive , considering the cost .	0
battery life is not long enough if and only if you take a lot of video clips and play it back on the camera a lot of times . . . the camera/battery gets a little bit warm too when you use it for a long time but it 's normal .	0
everything i wanted ! . the apple ipod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason .	1
as for bluetooth , no problems at all .	1
( i never know when the champ is full as there is no way too tell . even though not particularly aesthetic , how about making the champ clear and see-through ? . ) so , i lift the lid and find a wad of diaper , which i must remove , usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full .	0
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .	0
overall i like it .	1
i can use it as a modem for my computer , connect with clients and friends , the possibilities are endless .	1
i did n 't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out .	0
the depth adjustment and bit changing is much easier on the m12v than it was on my old router .	1
"from day one , we 've had hangups , crashes , glitches , continual reboots , long shutdowns due to "" cc app . exe "" program running which is a norton program ."	0
i love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it .	1
1 . the diaper champ doesn 't require special refills that are expensive and hard to find ! .	1
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .	1
even did while daughter sleep and no noise ! .	1
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .	0
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .	1
) one outstanding positive feature is the battery . it holds a charge for a long time , longer than most other similar products and the user can replace it easily or take another along as a backup .	1
it 's a rip off if one buys norton internet security and antivirus .	0
if you are already using a previous version of nortron security and uni stalled it to install the new version , you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system ! .	0
like most of their solutions ( which first blame other applications for errors ) , the tech persons line was that this was probably a microsoft error - it was not .	0
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .	1
for the price it is a well spent investment ! .	1
the wrt54g offers excellent security features and much more ( and easier ) configuration menu that i didn 't even need a manual to setup correctly .	1
the guide fence for freehand routing is well made and solid .	1
so loud , really , that it does n 't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .	0
within one month , my player completely died .	0
a distinct ipod relation is evident with white colored cables , power plug and the very nice zen case with a white rubber inside covering .	1
it is the 'first generation ' of the player , and while i still agree that it is a great alternative to the ipod , i think there are many others that would be a much better value for your buck .	0
however , in my mind , $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 months .	0
mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download .	1
this is a great product ! .	1
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds . even though they were not damaged in any way .	0
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up .	1
"i like this router a whole lot better the linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much strainers , seldom falling below the "" very good "" range ( and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router ."	1
bottom line is that at $160 , this is an absolute steal .	1
there is no way you can talk with customer care about this .	0
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .	1
it may not top the ipod mini , but it 's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality .	1
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .	0
- solid , high-quality construction	1
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .	1
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle .	1
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .	1
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .	0
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .	0
have had the nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with t-mobile .	1
touch ups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .	1
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .	1
it works with a minimum of fuss .	1
i like some local stations , stern , and npr , and so the radio seemed like a great option .	1
1 . it uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills .	1
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .	1
unless you have an enormous music/audio book library , the 20 gb model should have more than adequate storage capacity , with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs .	1
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones .	1
i had never liked the idea of the diaper genie because of the refills .	0
stay away from this product ! .	0
color screen is good .	1
first , it failed whenever connecting to get updates .	0
this router has soft start and runs smooth and true .	1
i will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward , although you do need an external smut server to use .	1
you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone .	1
they look fantastic .	1
memory/storage - seemingly boundless .	1
in noisy environment , it 's hard to hear from the earpiece .	0
i highly recommend this ! .	1
overall though , i 'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player , even if it is to pretend your not a brain dead consumer giving into the marketing hype of the ipod . ; . )	1
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .	0
there are instructions to encrypt your personal wireless network so no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth .	1
"i have had no problem either with backward compatibility , in that the "" mixed mode "" feature lets you both 54 and 11 mb cards off the router ."	1
being a very economical person , i appreciate the fact that any plastic bag can be used with this system- i never did like the prospect of buying special diaper genie refills .	1
imagine my disappointment , though , when the zen micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest fm signals in my area .	0
if i had to do it over , i wouldn 't buy anything else .	1
it 's easy to install the security on this product but linksys doesn 't do a good job of explaining why its important .	1
the digital zoom is crap .	0
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .	1
the good : 1 ) large lcd screen , colorful display , good resolution .	1
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but on full size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .	1
excellent range of metering options as well .	1
in a week of use i 've never had to reboot the router .	1
i recommend t-mobile and the nokia 6600 without reservation .	1
the macro mode works well , although it takes some practice since the camera doesn 't clearly indicate when it can 't focus .	1
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n 't take up space on your pc hard drive .	1
best phone i 've ever owned , period .	1
only thing i don 't like about it is slow in changing apps , boot up , and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth .	0
it is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad as some porter cable models i tried .	1
but i had to give you four because the service for my brand-new ipod was terribly slow .	0
who in the hell needs a frigging *vga* camera on their cellphone ? . ? . ? .	0
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great .	1
i love this camera .	1
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking .	1
at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support .	1
i can go pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly .	1
it just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router ( mine does ) , without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired pc or a wireless equipped pc .	0
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .	1
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .	0
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful .	1
either way , can 't go wrong with this price .	1
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .	0
a call to customer support ( got to a live person within a couple of minutes ) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance .	1
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .	1
"second , the "" automatic "" sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer ."	1
by focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing , they have introduced a player that can look the ipod straight in the eye and not flinch .	1
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat . clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .	1
the number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area , the fonts are small , the interface is too convoluted and frustrating , it 's not that customizable as well .	0
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .	0
i built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits .	0
solid , squeak-free , large screen .	1
the dvd player is fine .	1
i 'm sure you can read the specs above to see everything it does , but for me the best thing is that i can easily check my email , movie times , news , or any website with this phone .	1
a larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy .	0
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .	1
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player .	1
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .	1
it is currently permanently mounted ( 3 years now ) in my router table and will most likely stay there until its shot .	1
have had problems since the first day	0
"it would just spin up and stop , and display "" no disc "" ."	0
the flash is very weak .	0
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface .	1
extremely convenient .	1
it 's easy and really works , with some incredible range .	1
"that 's it for now , what are you doing still reading this , click the "" add to cart "" button already ! ."	1
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .	1
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .	1
for last one month my rebate status showing me that my rebate is approved and check is delivered but still i am waiting for check .	0
it 's a highly rated , kick ass firewall program that 's bundled with the venerable norton antivirus , plus extras ( like norton antispam & norton parental control ) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access .	1
i downloaded and updated the firmware , and followed the easy setup instructions .	1
new firmware update allows for automatic wireless network configuration .	1
"also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 "" tv ) ."	0
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this	1
nothing but hassle with this company .	0
finding all the albums , songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig ( well 18 gig ) worth of music .	1
"i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year "" no questions asked "" replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! ."	0
the interface , while a bit confusing at first , is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes .	1
the new hardware version does not run linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half .	0
it 's important that people know the following : first , the interface is slow .	0
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .	0
overall , it 'll make my move that much easier knowing i don 't have to worry about connectivity .	1
especially the lcd is big and the camera quality is among the very best around .	1
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .	1
the setup was very easy .	1
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thus far ) .	1
however , i suspect that many people are having a bad experience -- do not purchase this product .	0
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .	0
while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player .	1
i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures .	1
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n 't have them .	0
controls easy yo use and easy to get to .	1
i love this camera .	1
i 'm an advocate of nokia , but this phone and the following models ( 7610 ) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .	0
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mils ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .	0
its also smaller , and gets more looks .	1
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since .	1
excellent diaper disposal unit .	1
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! . ! . ! . ! . i love this phone ! . ! . ! .	1
1- small .	1
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .	0
only one disk played through to completion successfully .	0
i am so pleased with this product ! . ! . ! .	1
it 's overkill for simple snapshots , unless you 've got way too much money to blow .	1
the camera res ponce is very quick .	1
the buttons are rather stiff .	0
this thing seriously is a good player though .	1
on occasion i 'm not able to connect to the phone with isync via bluetooth but i found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem .	0
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want .	1
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) .	1
i have no complaints with this mp3 player .	1
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .	0
there are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless connection from this router , and everybody is happy with it .	1
using the software itunes is relatively simple , you just plug the usb cable in , wait your machine to detect the ipod and voila , any songs listed in your itunes library will be transfer ed on over to the ipod .	1
"very good "" every day "" camera . fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos ."	1
great sound ; . good interface ; . replaceable , powerful battery ; . good software ; . wake-up , sleep timers ; . multiple play modes	1
"while i was trying to play half life 2 it started popping up with "" alerts "" every twenty seconds ( literally ) , warning me my antivirus protection was off ."	0
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) .	0
give each friend a different ringtone .	1
right now , the creative software transfers subscription music files very slowly .	0
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .	1
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .	1
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .	1
the setup software did everything .	1
3660 had similar features , but that is big in size .	1
i 've owned many norton products in my time , and for the most part , i 've been pleased with their performance .	1
"if you have an older version of "" internet security "" installed , you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with systemworks install ."	0
that 's when it went from oder less , to odorous ! .	0
downside : it takes a long time to start up .	0
secondly , in addition to the lag each time you give a command , it 's just not that easily use able on the go .	0
after a week i tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn 't do anything but turn on my player .	0
since i use it in a table , i don 't use the plunge feature , but if i ever need it i 've got it .	1
we just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are scented and they are like $6 . 00 and they work great .	1
both the antivirus and firewall are integrated into one piece of software and they update together .	1
this product is amazing and better than the ipod you can get at the same price .	1
the setup was a breeze , i had some reservations about a wireless network ( see my review for linksys wet11 ) but this item was on sale as well as the wet11 so i just had to splurge .	1
i tell you now , after lot of shooting in many different situations , this camera is amazing .	1
really like it , easy to use , great images , very intuitive , fits in my jacket pocket .	1
this program would not let me send outlook email or listen to audible sample books online .	0
a digic ii-powered image-processing system enables the sd500 to snap a limitless stream of 7-megapixel photos at a respectable clip , its start-up time is tops in its class , and it delivers decent photos when compared to its competition .	1
- looks sleek , compact , has a radio .	1
it works great , i am usually at the full 54 mbps , although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is .	1
the sliding latch is does not stay in place .	0
the micro seemed like an ipod for less .	1
styling/ergonomics : the keys are small , which generally doesn 't bother me if they are spaced because i can employ a little 'braille , ' but the keys run into each other , so careful attn . must be paid when dialing .	0
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .	1
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .	1
good image quality .	1
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .	1
when i went to put in the new sd card i looked at the lcd screen -- cracked -- and the fluid gave a jackson pollock type appearance to the screen , black and blue and purple blotches and streaks -- useless .	0
there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things .	1
start up is so quick	1
i bought the player this week and i like it by far .	1
this unit comes with the usb/firewire cable as a standard item now .	1
it seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the micro to pull in a strong sound .	0
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .	0
the downside being that the tito can only connect at 802 . 11b speeds and not 802 . 11g .	0
the fit and finish of the product is first-rate .	1
everything , so far , has worked flawlessly .	1
i finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with napster 2 go . . . . which is a subscription service , allowing me to download as much music as i want for a $14 . 95 flat fee .	1
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .	1
another plus in my book , no file limits ! .	1
) no locked-in proprietary business like apple ; . this baby plays wmas too .	1
even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little , resulting in a noisy start-up .	0
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38 ; . phone lying by your pillow side .	1
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .	0
ks almost without fail , no matter what your taste in music is : from relaxation music to hard rock , to hip hop , to korean and japanese , to afro-cuban and salsa , jazz , blues , country and pop , this feature performs well .	1
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .	1
the touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well , and as i never had issues getting songs transferred to the player , i did have problems accessing them from the player .	0
the included memory card is too small .	0
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sis , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings .	0
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .	0
very annoying .	0
unfortunately , i sold it exactly a month later .	0
i have used norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years , the software has gotten more and more disgraceful .	0
and it holds so much music and audio files .	1
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! .	1
track # , name , artist , album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled , and properly categorized into the zen .	1
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .	1
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod .	1
moreover , apart from the plastic cable cover , the camera has a nice , solid feel about it , and it 's so tiny , i take it with me wherever i go .	1
"there 's even an equalizer ( under "" settings "" ) that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic , bass booster , bass reducer , classical , dance , "" deep "" , and electronic ."	1
travel with it without knowing you have it in your pocket	1
10 great price for all the features .	1
they didn 't know what the problem could be .	0
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! .	0
a sony erickson may be the phone for you . . . but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price .	1
and we still love it ! .	1
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .	1
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .	1
the touch controls took a little getting used to but now i wouldn 't change it for the scroll wheel .	0
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! .	1
everything else about the ipod is great , the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it .	1
it is not reliable .	0
buttons do seem a little sticky tho . . and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem . .	0
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever .	1
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --	0
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .	1
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .	1
features : really , there aren 't any features , unless you call the games a feature .	0
digital zoom is clear too . . . say you used all 3x optical zoom , try to do digital zoom then . . . just try not to shake the camera at all and you 'll still get a clear good quality picture	1
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included .	1
do not buy this product --	0
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing creepiness of this very embarassing gift .	0
as i mentioned in my first paragraph , it supports wpa security , which is far superior to wep .	1
there will be much erasing of text as , one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters .	0
in my table the m12v has been a real champ .	1
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .	1
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .	1
first of all , the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos , sound clips , photos , texts , etc .	1
even viewed cds full of jogs .	1
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .	0
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! .	1
fits well in hand in trouser pockets .	1
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocally that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .	1
there seem to be fewer collisions and dropped packets as i read from the router logs than with my old dlink router .	1
this product is a lifesaver ! . ! .	1
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .	1
i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power .	1
apex sucks ! .	0
you 'll love it ! .	1
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images .	1
the battery life on this phone is surreal .	1
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n 't blind you when you stare too long .	1
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs .	1
i no longer use it as a plunge router , only as a stationary or table mounted router .	0
the included earphones are pretty good - my advice ? .	1
to my amazement , even that process was error-prone .	0
the program brings more problems than a virus , albeit not as major problems , just not what you expect for 70 bucks .	0
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .	1
2 . it can be operated with one hand - leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table .	1
norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products , but with this one , they have fallen off the cliff .	0
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .	1
also , i am quite partial to the creative mediasource organizer and player software , which i had with audigy zs sound card originally ; . it is definitely an added plus .	1
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .	1
it is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags , easy to clean , and most important , easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle .	1
"i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with "" bass boost . """	0
the only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full .	0
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options .	1
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .	1
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n 't .	1
it was a good player when it worked and i loved the design .	1
it takes great pictures .	1
the sound quality is also nice . . . after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with .	1
we just use the glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from target and they work wonderfully .	1
when i purchase software , i never want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry ! .	0
works great , no odor , and uses regular bags .	1
being a past norton customer , i consider this to be a slap to my face .	0
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .	1
feels solid in hand .	1
and the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my lan .	1
but the earbuds suck ! .	0
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent .	1
i also wanted to switch to broad com hardware ( which the linksys uses ) because my wifi menisci card in my dell laptop with lucien silicon in it used 70% of my 1 . 2ghz laptop 's cpu when using the wireless at full speed .	1
remember , this phone uses an operating system - symbian . . . and it 's feature-rich w/ 65k colors .	1
the software could n 't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n 't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .	1
yes , the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in india , but the guy was easy to understand , and he helped solve the problem .	1
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .	1
one complaint . . . the screen is too easily scratched ! .	0
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .	1
price ! .	1
on the contrary , i 'm quite pleased with my upgrade .	1
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! .	1
only if we could get one camera in it . .	0
the only downside i have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react , meaning when i push the contacts button , it takes a while to load , this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone .	0
the program is called nomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included windows software does .	1
so far ( 3 weeks ) , we 've had no problems with the diaper champ at all .	1
i imagine if i left my player untouched ( no backlight ) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level .	1
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .	0
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .	1
the heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything i threw at it .	1
the more i work with it , the more i love it ! .	1
the grain was terrible .	0
i have to move pictures off of it every day so i have room for more pictures the next , and i don 't have enough money to buy the 256 meg card that i 've had my eye on for a while .	0
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .	1
while i would like to give it 3 . 5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .	1
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .	1
i first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot .	1
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .	0
i love the bluetooth ; . easy to use with a wireless abra headset .	1
i will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture .	0
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision .	1
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .	0
. itunes -- this is a love-hate relationship program ; . usually people with mac like this program than people with a pc , but depending on your computer expertise , this could be a difficult program to use , and it is required for an ipod .	1
the 6600 was the best phone i could find with these options that i could get with t-mobile .	1
i have had the ipod mini and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro beats it outright .	1
the flaw is inside the zen .	0
because of it 's hidden features ( no macro vision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .	1
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n 't give it up for anything .	1
it is much easier to fill and unload than the diaper genie , plus , why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the dollar store ? .	1
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .	1
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .	1
i have never had an odor problem ! .	1
the phone offers a 32 mb mmc card and i think that is certainly the most exciting feature .	1
the software , which comes with player is not good at all .	0
i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it .	1
you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll .	0
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me .	1
when you consider expandability ( downloads via computer ) , the numerous features , two transmission programs and multiple storage devices , dependability - this is a phone that isn 't easy to out-grow .	0
( we wrap them nice and tight ) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags -- cheap ! .	1
you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder .	0
its the easiest thing to setup i thought , and i am only 16 . . . so with all that said , buy the router ! . ! . ! . ! .	1
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .	1
they are sensitive and accurate ( perhaps too accurate , it senses through t-shirt cloth , but the touchpad can be locked ) , but easy to clean , unlike buttons .	1
if i was pressed to find a negative aspect of the zen micro i would probably have to mention weak fm reception , but the building where i primarily use the micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway , so you can take that for what it 's worth .	0
initially these phones were fun to play with some of the cool features like the speaker phone , web browser and of course the built in camera .	1
battery life is ok .	1
another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! .	1
my other nit is that it didn 't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything .	0
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all .	1
it 's cheaper , holds more songs and is smaller .	1
great phone . . .	1
the sound is very nice .	1
i 've dropped the device several times onto hard surfaces , and it still works flawlessly .	1
