document	label
a real snooze .	0
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	0
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	0
just not campy enough	0
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .	1
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .	0
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	1
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	1
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	0
a solidly seaworthy chiller .	1
the humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .	0
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .	0
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	0
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .	1
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	1
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .	1
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	0
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	1
punish the vehicle to adore the star .	0
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .	0
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience	0
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose .	0
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .	0
it 's astonishing .	1
looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination .	0
but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned can not be said to suck .	1
boring and meandering .	0
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .	0
where 's the movie here ?	0
intelligent and moving .	1
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	1
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .	1
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .	0
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .	1
affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .	1
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	0
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .	0
shallow .	0
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	0
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' .	1
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .	0
ill-considered , unholy hokum .	0
the actors are fantastic .	1
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .	1
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .	1
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .	1
oh come on .	0
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	1
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	0
with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ...	0
i do n't think this movie loves women at all .	0
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .	1
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .	0
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .	1
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	0
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	0
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	0
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .	1
one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know was being taken .	1
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .	1
the end result is a film that 's neither .	0
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .	1
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	1
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .	1
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '	1
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	0
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	0
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood .	1
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	1
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	1
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	1
it 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .	1
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	1
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .	1
may puzzle his most ardent fans .	0
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .	1
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	0
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .	1
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	0
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	1
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	0
enough similarities to gymkata and howie long 's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .	0
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	1
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because -lrb- the leads -rrb- are such a companionable couple .	1
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	1
it 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana 's future .	0
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .	0
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .	1
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	0
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .	1
a small movie with a big heart .	1
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .	1
sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .	1
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -lrb- sometimes hilarious -rrb- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	1
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -lrb- teen comedy -rrb- genre a bad name .	0
a good piece of work more often than not .	1
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .	0
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	1
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	1
` de niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '	1
... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -lrb- cool visual backmasking -rrb- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...	1
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	0
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	0
-lrb- it 's -rrb- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	1
an imaginative comedy\/thriller .	1
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	1
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...	1
intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .	0
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	1
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	1
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- soulless , stupid sequel ...	0
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	1
i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .	1
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .	0
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .	0
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .	1
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .	1
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .	1
an extremely unpleasant film .	0
whether writer-director anne fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .	1
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .	1
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail .	1
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .	1
not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon '' .	0
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .	1
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	1
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .	0
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	1
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	1
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .	1
to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	1
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	1
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .	1
it 's not an easy one to review .	0
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .	1
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .	1
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	1
an excellent sequel .	1
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .	0
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	0
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	1
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .	1
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	1
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .	0
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .	0
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	0
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .	1
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	0
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !	0
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .	1
a smart , compelling drama .	1
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	0
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !	0
the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .	0
the performances take the movie to a higher level .	1
writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .	1
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	0
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so	0
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .	0
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .	1
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .	1
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	0
the so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing -lrb- featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer -rrb- brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .	0
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .	0
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	0
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .	0
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	0
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .	0
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	0
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .	1
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	1
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .	0
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .	0
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	1
i like frank the pug , though .	1
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	0
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .	0
... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '	1
too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .	0
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .	1
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	1
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -lrb- but none of the sheer lust -rrb- .	0
it 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u.s. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in french -lrb- well , mostly -rrb- with english subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that .	0
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .	1
enough said , except : film overboard !	0
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .	1
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	0
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .	0
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	1
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .	1
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	0
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .	0
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .	1
the film is strictly routine .	0
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .	0
what kids will discover is a new collectible .	1
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	1
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .	1
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun .	1
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .	1
stale and clichéd to a fault .	0
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .	1
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	1
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them .	0
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	1
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	1
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .	0
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	1
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	0
the trailer is a riot .	1
not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .	1
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	0
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	0
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	1
an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u.s. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .	1
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .	1
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .	1
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .	0
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	0
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .	0
a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .	1
-lrb- it 's -rrb- difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .	0
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	0
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .	1
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	0
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?	1
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	1
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	0
it 's splash without the jokes .	0
it is quite a vision .	1
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	0
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .	0
no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones ' last 45 minutes .	1
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .	1
the tenderness of the piece is still intact .	1
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story .	1
will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	0
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .	0
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	0
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .	0
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	1
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .	1
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .	1
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .	1
-lrb- allen 's -rrb- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .	1
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .	1
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .	1
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	1
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- , the movie is powerful and provocative .	1
in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition	0
... pray does n't have a passion for the material .	0
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	0
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .	0
this time out , -lrb- sade -rrb- is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .	0
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	0
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	1
in the second half of the film , frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .	0
-lrb- u -rrb- nrelentingly stupid .	0
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .	1
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year .	0
sucking all the ` classic ' out of robert louis stevenson 's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst ...	0
... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .	1
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .	1
but it could have been worse .	0
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .	0
exploits -lrb- headbanger -rrb- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	1
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	1
... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .	0
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	0
it gets old quickly .	0
the results are far more alienating than involving .	0
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	1
andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance .	1
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .	0
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	1
feeble comedy .	0
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	0
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	1
when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .	0
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	1
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	0
earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .	0
there is greatness here .	1
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	0
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .	1
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .	1
even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of todd farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .	0
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .	1
a nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	0
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	0
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .	1
a marvel of production design .	1
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	1
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	0
an awfully good , achingly human picture .	1
griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .	0
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .	1
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood .	0
slight but enjoyable documentary .	1
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .	1
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .	1
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .	1
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .	0
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	0
anemic , pretentious .	0
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	1
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	1
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	0
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .	1
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .	0
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?	0
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	1
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .	0
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .	0
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .	1
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .	0
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	1
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	1
it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .	0
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	0
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .	1
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	1
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .	1
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	0
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .	0
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	0
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .	0
it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	0
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --	0
what is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .	0
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .	1
-lrb- cuarón has -rrb- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .	1
this is no `` waterboy ! ''	0
but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck 's film from coming together .	0
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	1
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .	1
the film 's performances are thrilling .	1
... designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .	0
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	0
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .	1
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision .	1
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .	1
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .	1
... with `` the bourne identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .	1
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .	0
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	0
a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .	1
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .	1
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .	1
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	0
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	0
you 'll cry for your money back .	0
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	1
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .	1
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	1
it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -lrb- woo 's -rrb- best work .	0
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .	0
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	0
but it does have one saving grace .	1
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	1
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	0
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?	0
it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	1
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .	0
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	0
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	1
secretary is just too original to be ignored .	1
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .	0
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	1
a great script brought down by lousy direction .	0
the story itself is actually quite vapid .	0
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach	0
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	0
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	1
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	1
the film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .	1
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film -lrb- at 80 minutes -rrb- is actually quite entertaining .	1
it 's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	1
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	1
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	0
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	1
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	1
despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .	0
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .	1
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	1
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .	0
had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .	0
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .	0
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	0
just send it to cranky .	0
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	0
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	1
a warm , funny , engaging film .	1
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .	1
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .	1
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	1
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .	1
for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .	1
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	0
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	0
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .	1
little more than a frothy vanity project .	0
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .	1
a fun ride .	1
make chan 's action sequences boring .	0
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	0
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	0
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	1
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	1
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .	1
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	0
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .	1
vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .	0
fluffy and disposible .	0
there 's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino 's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .	0
-lrb- gulpilil -rrb- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .	1
this is just lazy writing .	0
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .	1
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	0
a predictable , manipulative stinker .	0
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	0
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .	0
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .	0
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum	1
it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .	1
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '	0
nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .	0
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	1
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .	1
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	0
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	1
a flawed but engrossing thriller .	1
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .	0
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	1
writer-director 's mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .	1
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .	0
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	1
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .	0
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .	0
this is n't a new idea .	0
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	0
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	1
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	0
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	1
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .	1
legendary irish writer brendan behan 's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .	1
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	0
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	0
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .	1
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .	0
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !	1
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .	1
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	0
, `` they 're out there ! ''	1
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .	1
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	0
too slow , too long and too little happens .	0
it 's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .	1
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	1
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .	1
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	0
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .	1
the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	0
the story 's so preposterous that i did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .	0
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -lrb- eyre 's -rrb- first film something of a sleeper success .	0
david spade as citizen kane ?	0
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .	0
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	0
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .	0
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''	1
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .	0
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	1
dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .	1
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .	0
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	0
fantastic !	1
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .	1
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	0
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	0
when -lrb- reno -rrb- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .	0
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	0
the film grows on you .	1
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .	1
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	1
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes .	0
do not see this film .	0
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .	1
elegant , mannered and teasing .	1
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .	1
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	1
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	0
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	0
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .	0
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .	1
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	0
the best film of the year 2002 .	1
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	0
it 's not too much of anything .	0
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	0
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .	0
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .	1
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	0
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .	0
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .	1
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .	1
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .	0
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	1
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	1
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	1
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	0
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .	0
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	1
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .	0
contrived pastiche of caper clichés .	0
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .	0
highly watchable stuff .	1
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .	1
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .	0
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	1
i 'll go out on a limb .	1
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...	1
not once does it come close to being exciting .	0
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .	1
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you have n't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .	0
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .	0
too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .	0
beware the quirky brit-com .	0
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	1
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon -lrb- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -rrb- ...	1
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .	1
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	0
-lrb- hell is -rrb- looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .	0
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .	1
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	1
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .	0
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	0
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	1
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh 's three lead actresses .	1
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .	1
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .	1
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .	0
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	1
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	0
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	0
-lrb- jackson and bledel -rrb- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	0
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .	0
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .	1
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .	1
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''	0
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	1
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	0
dreary , highly annoying ... ` some body ' will appeal to no one .	0
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	0
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .	0
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	1
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	1
this is a film living far too much in its own head .	0
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	1
grating and tedious .	0
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	1
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .	1
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	0
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .	1
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .	1
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	0
absolutely not .	0
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .	0
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	1
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .	1
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .	1
an operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .	1
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .	1
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	0
a witty , low-key romantic comedy .	1
but the power of these -lrb- subjects -rrb- is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative .	0
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .	1
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .	1
if this is satire , it 's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .	0
... hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .	0
-lrb- breheny 's -rrb- lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	1
a working class `` us vs. them '' opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .	1
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .	1
jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .	0
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	0
a tv episode inflated past its natural length .	0
sexy and romantic .	1
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !	1
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .	0
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .	1
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	1
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	0
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .	0
although very much like the first movie based on j.k. rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .	1
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .	0
it 's -lrb- ricci 's -rrb- best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .	1
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '	1
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	1
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	0
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' .	0
schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler 's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad .	0
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	1
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .	1
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	1
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .	0
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...	1
hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .	1
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .	1
the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .	1
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .	1
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	0
this is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .	1
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	1
... too sappy for its own good .	0
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit .	1
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	1
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	1
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .	1
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	0
a masterpiece four years in the making .	1
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	1
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .	0
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	1
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .	0
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	0
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .	1
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life .	1
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .	1
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor	1
what 's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .	1
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .	0
there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty .	1
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .	0
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	0
truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .	0
it 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .	0
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	1
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	1
daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .	1
the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun .	0
there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .	1
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	1
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .	1
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	1
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .	1
the movie turns out to be -lrb- assayas ' -rrb- homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .	0
a chiller resolutely without chills .	0
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	1
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	0
half past dead is just such an achievement .	1
there 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that 's what makes it irresistible .	1
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .	0
there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .	0
if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .	1
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	1
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	1
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .	0
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	0
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .	1
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop .	1
birot 's directorial debut -lrb- she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré -rrb- is n't so much bad as it is bland .	0
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .	0
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .	1
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	0
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .	0
parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	1
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .	0
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	0
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .	1
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	0
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	0
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .	1
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	0
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	1
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	0
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -lrb- orlando jones -rrb- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
`` antwone fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington .	1
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .	1
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .	0
fun and nimble .	1
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .	0
directing with a sure and measured hand , -lrb- haneke -rrb- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	1
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .	1
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i ca n't wait for the sequel .	1
a quiet , pure , elliptical film	1
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .	0
-lrb- stephen -rrb- earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .	1
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	1
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .	0
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .	1
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a french poodle .	0
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .	1
the french director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	0
an interesting story with a pertinent -lrb- cinematically unique -rrb- message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''	1
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	1
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .	1
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .	1
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .	1
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	1
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	0
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	1
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .	0
there 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .	0
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	1
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	1
it 's painful .	0
a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .	1
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	1
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill	1
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .	1
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .	0
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .	1
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '	0
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .	1
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .	1
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .	0
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .	1
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	1
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	1
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .	1
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	0
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .	0
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	1
the magic -lrb- and original running time -rrb- of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .	1
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .	1
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .	0
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	1
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !	1
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	0
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	0
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .	0
`` collateral damage '' goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment -- until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief	0
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	0
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness	1
it 's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .	0
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	0
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .	0
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -lrb- or cinema seats -rrb- .	0
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	0
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .	1
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd .	0
bad company .	0
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .	0
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .	0
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	1
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .	1
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .	1
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .	1
this romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	0
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	0
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .	1
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .	1
a cartoon ?	0
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .	0
one of the best movies of the year .	1
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	1
as vulgar as it is banal .	0
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	0
one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	0
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .	1
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	1
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	0
u.s. audiences may find -lrb- attal and gainsbourg 's -rrb- unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .	1
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .	0
montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .	1
star\/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	1
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm .	0
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .	1
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	0
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	0
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	0
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .	0
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	1
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .	0
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol 's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .	1
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	0
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .	1
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .	1
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	0
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .	1
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .	1
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .	0
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya 's axis of evil .	1
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	1
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	1
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .	1
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .	0
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	0
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .	0
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .	0
worth a look as a curiosity .	1
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	1
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .	0
if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford 's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it 's time to rethink independent films .	0
might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr. eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .	0
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .	1
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .	1
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .	1
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	0
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	0
although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .	1
paul bettany is cool .	1
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .	0
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	0
i love the robust middle of this picture .	1
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds .	1
you could hate it for the same reason .	0
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .	0
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	0
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...	1
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	0
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	1
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .	1
a great idea becomes a not-great movie .	0
too bad the former murphy brown does n't pop reese back .	0
-lrb- reaches -rrb- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .	1
it is n't scary .	0
i liked this film a lot ...	1
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .	0
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .	1
as teen movies go , `` orange county '' is a refreshing change	1
what 's next ?	1
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .	1
proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .	0
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	1
what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	0
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	0
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .	1
\/ but daphne , you 're too buff \/ fred thinks he 's tough \/ and velma - wow , you 've lost weight !	0
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .	0
they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .	1
you have to see it .	1
a dazzling dream of a documentary .	1
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .	0
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	0
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .	0
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .	0
it 's a masterpiece .	1
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .	0
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	1
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .	0
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	1
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	1
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .	1
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .	0
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .	0
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- rather thinly-conceived movie .	0
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	1
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .	1
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...	1
... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .	0
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	1
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	1
no thanks .	0
smarter than its commercials make it seem .	1
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours -lrb- and , for that matter , shrek -rrb- .	0
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	0
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .	1
it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	0
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	1
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .	1
a timid , soggy near miss .	0
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .	0
does n't add up to much .	0
is a mess .	0
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .	0
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .	1
a moving picture that does not move .	0
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	0
it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some .	1
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	1
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .	0
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .	1
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	0
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	1
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	1
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	0
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .	1
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	0
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	1
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .	0
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking .	0
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .	1
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	1
gloriously goofy -lrb- and gory -rrb- midnight movie stuff .	1
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	1
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	1
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .	0
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	1
katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself	1
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	1
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	1
you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	0
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .	0
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	1
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	1
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .	1
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .	1
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .	1
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .	0
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .	1
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	0
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .	0
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	1
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .	1
ferrara 's best film in years .	1
highly engaging .	1
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	0
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies .	0
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .	1
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	1
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .	0
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	1
this movie is to be cherished .	1
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .	1
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .	1
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	1
`` red dragon '' is entertaining .	1
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	1
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	1
a smart , witty follow-up .	1
the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .	1
a less-than-thrilling thriller .	0
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle	1
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .	1
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .	0
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .	1
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	0
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film 's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre .	0
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .	1
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .	0
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	1
apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable tv .	0
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .	0
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness .	1
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .	0
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .	0
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .	1
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .	0
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .	1
it 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .	0
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .	1
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	1
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	1
maryam is more timely now than ever .	1
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .	1
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .	0
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .	0
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	0
it 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .	0
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	0
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .	0
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	1
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	1
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '	0
all three women deliver remarkable performances .	1
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	1
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .	0
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .	1
it makes me feel weird \/ thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ like puppies with broken legs \/ and butterflies that die \/ and movies starring pop queens	0
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	1
unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such ` have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust ' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz .	1
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	1
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .	1
these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .	0
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .	0
i had to look away - this was god awful .	0
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .	0
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .	0
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	0
bears is bad .	0
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !	1
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .	1
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .	1
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .	0
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	0
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	0
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .	0
no , even that 's too committed .	0
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	1
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .	1
whatever eyre 's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .	1
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .	1
it does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .	0
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .	1
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	0
this is a very fine movie -- go see it .	1
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	1
death might be a release .	0
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -lrb- godard 's -rrb- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	0
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .	0
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .	1
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .	1
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	0
like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .	0
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	0
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .	1
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	0
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	0
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	0
then lower them a bit more .	0
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	1
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	0
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .	1
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .	1
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .	1
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	1
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .	0
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .	0
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''	0
he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	1
the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side .	0
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	0
begins as a promising meditation on one of america 's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .	0
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .	1
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .	1
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .	1
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	0
the ending is a cop-out .	0
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .	1
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ''	0
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	1
like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .	0
too silly to take seriously .	0
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	0
... quite endearing .	1
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	1
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	0
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians .	1
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	0
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	1
beautifully produced .	1
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese 's best in more than a decade .	1
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	1
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	0
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	1
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	1
well worth the time .	1
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	0
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through .	0
you live the mood rather than savour the story .	1
best indie of the year , so far .	1
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	0
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .	1
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .	0
a lot smarter than your average bond .	1
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	0
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
the subtle strength of `` elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .	1
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	0
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha .	0
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	1
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
more a gunfest than a rock concert .	0
the 3d images only enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .	1
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	0
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .	0
the movie is n't just hilarious : it 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .	1
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	0
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .	0
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .	1
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?	1
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	1
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .	0
brought to life on the big screen .	1
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	1
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	0
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .	1
moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .	1
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .	1
not so much farcical as sour .	0
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .	1
by that measure , it is a failure .	0
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .	1
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .	1
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?	0
made by jackasses for jackasses .	0
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	0
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	0
at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .	1
for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out .	1
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	0
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	0
rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .	1
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
singer\/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	1
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .	1
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .	0
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	0
a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .	1
a beautifully observed character piece .	1
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way .	0
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	0
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .	1
the movie is brilliant , really .	1
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .	1
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .	1
a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film .	1
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .	0
among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .	1
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .	1
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	0
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	0
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .	1
we hate -lrb- madonna -rrb- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	0
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	0
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	1
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me -lrb- horrors ! -rrb-	1
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	0
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .	1
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .	1
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28k modem .	0
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	0
it 's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia .	1
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	1
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .	1
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .	1
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	1
the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket -lrb- second prize , of course , two free tickets -rrb- to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .	0
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	0
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -lrb- as best i remember -rrb- , but still a very good time at the cinema .	1
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .	1
it 's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .	1
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	0
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	0
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .	1
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .	1
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .	0
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .	1
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .	1
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .	0
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .	0
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .	1
by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	0
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	0
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '	1
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	1
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	0
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	1
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	0
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	1
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	0
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	0
lapaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .	1
see it .	1
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -lrb- excepting love hewitt -rrb- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon .	1
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros. -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career .	0
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	1
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	1
mr. tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ?	1
it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .	1
adaptation is simply brilliant .	1
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	1
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	0
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .	1
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .	1
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	0
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- crushing disappointment .	0
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	1
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .	1
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .	0
degenerates into hogwash .	0
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .	1
but what spectacular sizzle it is !	1
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	1
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	0
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	0
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	0
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .	1
extraordinary debut from josh koury .	1
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .	0
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	0
wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .	0
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .	0
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .	0
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	1
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	0
some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .	1
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .	1
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	1
westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .	1
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .	1
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .	0
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	0
a small gem from belgium .	1
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	0
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	0
-lrb- westbrook -rrb- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	1
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .	0
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .	0
the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .	1
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .	1
the acting is n't much better .	0
the movie is a trove of delights .	1
a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .	1
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	1
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -lrb- and exotic dancing -rrb- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .	1
should have gone straight to video .	0
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	0
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .	0
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .	0
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .	0
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	0
a great ending does n't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell does n't even have a great ending .	0
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...	1
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	0
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .	1
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .	1
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	0
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '	0
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .	1
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	0
the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .	1
still , i thought it could have been more .	0
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	1
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	0
wow .	1
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	1
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	1
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .	1
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
the performances are remarkable .	1
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	1
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	0
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .	1
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	1
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .	0
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .	1
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .	0
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .	0
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	1
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .	1
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	0
the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .	1
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	0
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	0
brilliant ! '	1
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .	1
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	1
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	0
all the well-meaningness in the world ca n't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi .	0
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .	1
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	0
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .	0
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	0
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .	0
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	0
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .	0
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	0
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .	0
the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured -lrb- and torturing -rrb- artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .	0
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .	0
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .	0
i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .	1
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	1
and in this regard , on guard delivers .	1
the director 's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship -lrb- most notably wretched sound design -rrb- .	0
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .	1
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	0
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	0
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .	1
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .	1
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation .	1
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	1
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .	0
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	0
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	1
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .	1
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	1
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	1
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .	0
though the controversial korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .	1
has all the depth of a wading pool .	0
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -lrb- of which they 'll get plenty -rrb- fills me with revulsion .	0
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	1
a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard 's pyromania .	1
this is how you use special effects .	1
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .	1
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .	1
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .	0
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	0
mostly , -lrb- goldbacher -rrb- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .	1
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	0
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .	1
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	1
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	0
good for a few unintentional laughs , `` extreme ops '' was obviously made for the `` xxx '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .	0
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	1
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .	1
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	0
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .	1
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .	1
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	0
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .	0
a listless and desultory affair .	0
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	0
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?	1
family fare .	1
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	0
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .	1
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	0
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	0
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .	1
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	1
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	1
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .	0
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .	1
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	0
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -lrb- but -rrb- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	0
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	0
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .	1
the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	0
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .	0
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .	0
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .	1
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	1
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	1
it 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .	1
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .	0
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	0
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .	1
still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .	0
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	0
anyone who can count to five -lrb- the film 's target market ? -rrb-	0
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	0
it 's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .	1
imagine -lrb- if possible -rrb- a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .	0
... a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .	1
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	1
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	0
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .	1
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	1
it is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .	1
still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .	1
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .	1
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .	1
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .	1
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	0
basically a static series of semi-improvised -lrb- and semi-coherent -rrb- raps between the stars .	0
happily for mr. chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .	1
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .	0
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	0
nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .	0
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	0
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	0
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	1
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .	0
the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .	1
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	1
for benigni it was n't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio .	1
jirí hubac 's script is a gem .	1
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .	0
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .	1
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	1
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .	0
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	1
feels shrill , simple and soapy .	0
soul is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .	0
a funny film .	1
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	0
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	1
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .	1
about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream .	1
if only merchant paid more attention the story .	0
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .	0
if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .	0
the film is flat .	0
a dreary movie .	0
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	0
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	1
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .	1
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .	0
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	0
i loved this film .	1
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	0
obstacles are too easily overcome and there is n't much in the way of character development in the script .	0
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .	1
nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .	1
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .	1
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .	0
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .	1
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	1
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	1
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	0
an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .	1
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	1
i have n't laughed that hard in years !	1
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	1
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .	0
woody , what happened ?	0
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	0
not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .	1
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	0
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .	0
an awkward and indigestible movie .	0
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	1
like leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .	1
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .	1
even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles ... so it 's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential .	0
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	1
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .	0
if you love motown music , you 'll love this documentary .	1
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .	0
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	1
-lrb- there 's -rrb- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .	1
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	1
rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .	0
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	0
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .	0
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	0
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .	1
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .	0
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .	1
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	1
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	1
something the true film buff will enjoy .	1
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene 's 1955 novel .	1
this is one of polanski 's best films .	1
a smart little indie .	1
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .	1
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	0
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	1
the long-range appeal of `` minority report '' should transcend any awards it bags .	1
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	0
but it does n't leave you with much .	0
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .	1
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	1
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	1
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	1
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .	1
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	0
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	1
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .	1
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	1
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .	0
the drama discloses almost nothing .	0
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass .	1
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .	1
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	0
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	0
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .	1
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .	1
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	0
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	1
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	0
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .	1
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .	0
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	1
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	1
there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .	0
both damning and damned compelling .	1
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...	1
sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .	1
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .	1
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	0
the voices are fine as well .	1
it 's also , clearly , great fun .	1
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	1
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .	0
this is an interesting movie ! ''	1
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .	1
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .	1
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	0
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	0
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .	0
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	0
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .	0
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ?	0
both deserve better .	0
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .	1
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	1
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	0
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .	1
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .	1
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .	0
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno .	0
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .	0
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	0
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !	0
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	0
is n't quite the equal of woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest american film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .	1
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .	0
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .	1
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	1
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .	0
on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .	1
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite , the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .	1
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	1
refreshing .	1
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	1
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	0
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .	1
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .	1
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	1
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	0
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	1
it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .	1
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .	1
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report .	0
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .	0
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	1
nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .	0
greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .	1
makes one thing abundantly clear .	1
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .	1
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .	1
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	0
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .	1
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	0
but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .	1
the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .	0
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	1
as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .	1
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .	1
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	0
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	1
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -lrb- since sept. 11 -rrb- .	0
manages to delight without much of a story .	1
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	1
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	0
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	1
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	0
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... -lrb- but -rrb- lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...	1
we know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .	1
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia 's film history .	1
do n't let your festive spirit go this far .	0
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .	1
the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one .	0
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .	0
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	0
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .	1
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	0
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .	0
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	1
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .	0
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	0
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .	1
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	0
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	0
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	1
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen -lrb- vega -rrb- and juni -lrb- sabara -rrb- cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	1
it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .	0
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .	0
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing -lrb- not fear-reducing -rrb- film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .	1
the format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .	1
for the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .	1
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .	1
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .	1
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .	1
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .	0
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	0
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .	0
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	0
it 's slow -- very , very slow .	0
the movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .	1
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .	1
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .	0
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .	1
it 's a charming and often affecting journey .	1
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	1
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .	1
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	1
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .	0
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .	0
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest system of a down video .	0
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .	1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	0
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .	0
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .	1
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .	1
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .	1
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	0
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .	0
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .	1
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .	0
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .	1
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan 's madness .	1
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	0
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	1
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .	1
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	0
it 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .	0
the ring never lets you off the hook .	1
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	1
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .	1
the film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .	0
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	0
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	1
a major waste ... generic .	0
a very average science fiction film .	0
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	1
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	0
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	0
it 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .	0
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	0
it 's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .	1
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .	0
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .	0
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	1
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .	1
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .	0
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	1
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .	0
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .	1
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	1
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls ca n't swim .	1
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .	0
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .	1
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .	0
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	1
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .	1
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .	1
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .	1
cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .	1
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .	0
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .	1
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .	0
a high-minded snoozer .	0
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .	1
it 's endearing to hear madame d. refer to her husband as ` jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .	1
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .	0
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .	1
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time .	1
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	1
morton is , as usual , brilliant .	1
it 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .	0
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .	0
under-rehearsed and lifeless	0
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .	0
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .	1
the script is n't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman -lrb- the actor -rrb- can make it work .	0
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	0
john mctiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .	0
provide -lrb- s -rrb- nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .	1
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .	1
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .	0
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it 's dong jie 's face you remember at the end .	1
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .	1
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .	0
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life .	1
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .	0
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	1
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	0
denzel washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .	0
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .	1
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .	0
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	0
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	0
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .	0
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .	1
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	1
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .	0
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	1
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	0
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .	1
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	1
they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	0
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .	1
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .	0
a good thriller .	1
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .	1
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	0
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .	0
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	0
that storytelling has value can not be denied .	1
the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .	0
it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .	1
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .	1
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	0
every joke is repeated at least four times .	0
it 's a scorcher .	1
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .	0
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox 's work .	1
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .	1
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	0
i 've never seen -lrb- a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...	0
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .	0
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .	1
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .	0
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .	0
conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .	1
... -lrb- like -rrb- channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .	0
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	0
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .	1
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	1
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	1
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .	1
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	0
they just do n't work in concert .	0
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ... the isle defies an easy categorization .	0
alas , it 's neither .	0
his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .	1
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .	1
norton is magnetic as graham .	1
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .	0
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	0
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .	0
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	1
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	1
it 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma .	0
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . . .	0
-- but certainly hard to hate .	1
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	0
why ?	0
disgusting .	0
frenetic but not really funny .	0
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .	1
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .	0
cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ; it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i 'm not one of them .	0
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .	0
but like bruce springsteen 's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .	0
... a true delight .	1
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	0
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	1
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .	0
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .	1
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .	1
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i could n't help being captivated by it .	1
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	0
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	0
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy	1
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .	1
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .	0
writer\/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	1
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	1
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	1
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	0
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .	1
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	0
consistently clever and suspenseful .	1
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	0
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	0
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .	0
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	1
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .	1
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	0
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .	0
exhilarating but blatantly biased .	1
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .	0
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	0
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	0
a rarity among recent iranian films : it 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .	1
feature debuter d.j. caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton 's narcotics noir to life .	1
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	1
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	0
it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .	1
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	1
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .	0
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .	0
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out	1
dramatically lackluster .	0
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	1
the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	1
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	1
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard 's finest work .	1
it 's not too fast and not too slow .	1
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	0
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .	1
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .	0
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .	0
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	0
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	0
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	1
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .	1
it 's a beautiful madness .	1
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard -lrb- eileen walsh -rrb- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	0
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .	1
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...	1
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	0
alternately frustrating and rewarding .	1
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	1
the movie is ingenious fun .	1
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?	0
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	1
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .	1
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .	1
led by griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .	1
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	0
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	1
great dragons !	1
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también .	1
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .	0
a feeble tootsie knockoff .	0
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''	1
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .	1
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	0
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	0
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .	1
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .	1
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	1
i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .	0
transforms one of -lrb- shakespeare 's -rrb- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	1
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	0
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	0
a genuine mind-bender .	1
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	0
... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ...	0
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	0
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .	0
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .	1
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .	1
hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .	1
excellent acting and direction .	1
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .	0
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .	0
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .	1
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	0
everything is off .	0
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .	1
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	1
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .	0
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .	1
it 's never dull and always looks good .	1
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	1
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .	1
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .	1
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	1
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	1
a lovely film for the holiday season .	1
psychologically revealing .	1
frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films i 've ever seen .	1
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	1
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	1
the actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .	0
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	1
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .	1
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .	1
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	0
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .	1
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .	1
if your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .	1
lightweight but appealing .	1
hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .	0
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -lrb- if tragic -rrb- note .	1
ihops do n't pile on this much syrup .	0
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	0
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .	0
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	1
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	1
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .	0
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .	0
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .	1
arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .	0
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .	1
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	1
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .	1
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	1
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .	0
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .	0
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	0
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	1
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .	1
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .	1
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .	0
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	1
the talents of the actors helps `` moonlight mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .	1
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .	0
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	1
it sucked .	0
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .	1
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .	0
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	0
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	0
an epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .	1
the problem is n't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .	0
the band 's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies -lrb- this one included -rrb- .	1
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	1
` christian bale 's quinn -lrb- is -rrb- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '	0
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .	0
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	0
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	1
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .	0
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	0
and that is where ararat went astray .	0
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .	1
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	0
i do n't have an i am sam clue .	0
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	0
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .	0
the movie feels like it 's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens .	0
... feels as if -lrb- there 's -rrb- a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	0
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	0
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .	0
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .	0
make like the title and dodge this one .	0
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .	0
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	1
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .	1
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .	1
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	0
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .	1
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	0
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .	1
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .	1
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
-lrb- d -rrb- oes n't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .	1
-lrb- fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall -rrb- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .	1
in other words , it 's badder than bad .	0
you 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .	0
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	1
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .	1
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .	0
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .	1
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .	1
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	1
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	1
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	0
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .	1
most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .	1
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .	1
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .	1
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	1
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars .	0
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .	1
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	1
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .	0
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	1
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .	1
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	1
a mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .	0
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	0
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .	0
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .	0
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .	0
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .	0
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for disney .	0
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	0
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .	0
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	1
what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .	1
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	1
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .	1
ms. fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .	1
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	1
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	0
you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .	0
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	1
like a can of 2-day old coke .	0
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .	1
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	1
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	1
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	0
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	0
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	1
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	1
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .	1
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	0
i 'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s .	0
somehow we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g.i. jane .	0
an utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .	1
invincible is a wonderful movie .	1
a movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .	0
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	1
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .	1
with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	1
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	1
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version -lrb- no more racist portraits of indians , for instance -rrb- , but the excitement is missing .	0
for the first time in several years , mr. allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the hollywood empress of ms. leoni 's ellie .	1
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	0
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	1
too bad .	0
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	1
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	0
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	0
one long string of cliches .	0
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .	1
the art demands live viewing .	1
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .	1
` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '	1
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .	0
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .	1
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .	1
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .	0
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .	1
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	1
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .	0
-lrb- tries -rrb- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .	0
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .	0
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .	0
it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .	0
the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .	0
just plain bad .	0
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .	0
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .	1
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	0
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .	1
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	0
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	0
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	1
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .	0
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	0
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .	1
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	1
it 's just incredibly dull .	0
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	0
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	0
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	1
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	0
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	0
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering .	0
warm and exotic .	1
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	1
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .	0
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	0
is it a comedy ?	0
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .	0
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks -lrb- at least during their '70s heyday -rrb- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	0
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .	1
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .	0
an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .	1
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	1
smart and taut .	1
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .	1
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	0
poetic , heartbreaking .	1
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .	1
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .	0
you 're better off staying home and watching the x-files .	0
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	1
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .	1
this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .	1
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	1
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .	0
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .	1
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .	0
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .	0
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there 's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .	0
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .	1
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer	1
but it still jingles in the pocket .	1
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	0
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	1
... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .	0
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .	0
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .	0
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .	1
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	0
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .	0
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	1
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	0
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	0
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .	0
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .	1
-lrb- f -rrb- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	1
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	0
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	1
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .	1
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	1
it 's such a mechanical endeavor -lrb- that -rrb- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	0
one fantastic -lrb- and educational -rrb- documentary .	1
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .	0
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .	0
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .	0
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	0
romething 's really wrong with this ricture !	0
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	1
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .	0
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	0
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .	0
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	0
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .	0
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold !	0
has the feel of an unedited personal journal .	0
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .	0
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	1
it 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .	0
although it 's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .	1
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	1
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .	1
münch 's genuine insight makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable .	1
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .	1
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .	0
the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .	1
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	1
at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .	0
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	1
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	0
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .	1
i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	0
if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .	0
nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year .	1
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	0
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	1
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .	0
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	0
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .	1
great character interaction .	1
it 's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave .	1
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .	0
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends .	1
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	0
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .	0
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold !	0
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	0
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	0
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .	0
a sentimental mess that never rings true .	0
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .	1
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .	0
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	0
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .	1
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	0
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	1
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	0
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	0
sex with strangers is fascinating ...	1
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	1
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .	1
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	1
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	1
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	0
lazy , miserable and smug .	0
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	0
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	1
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention	0
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	0
it 's a cool event for the whole family .	1
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	0
... the film suffers from a lack of humor -lrb- something needed to balance out the violence -rrb- ...	0
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	1
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	0
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .	1
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...	0
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .	0
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	1
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	0
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .	0
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .	0
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .	1
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	0
mr. parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .	1
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !	1
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .	0
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	0
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	0
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .	1
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .	1
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .	0
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ... and the setting remains indistinct .	0
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .	1
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .	0
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	0
i do n't think i 've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto 's iron man .	1
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -lrb- 1984 -rrb- to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .	0
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	1
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	0
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .	0
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	0
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	1
this is not an easy film .	0
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	1
bland but harmless .	0
and it 's a lousy one at that .	0
a gushy episode of `` m \* a \* s \* h '' only this time from an asian perspective .	0
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .	0
it 's a very valuable film ...	1
and forget about any attempt at a plot !	0
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	0
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	1
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	0
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .	1
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .	0
but no. .	0
it 's all surface psychodramatics .	0
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	0
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
new best friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video .	0
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .	0
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	0
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker .	1
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .	0
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	1
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .	0
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .	1
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	0
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .	1
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi 's generic angst -lrb- there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows -rrb- .	0
canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .	1
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .	1
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .	1
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .	0
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .	0
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	0
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .	1
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .	1
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .	0
there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	0
without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .	0
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	1
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	1
never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . ''	0
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .	1
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	0
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	0
originality is sorely lacking .	0
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	0
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .	1
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	0
despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like -lrb- seinfeld 's -rrb- revered tv show , about pretty much nothing .	0
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	1
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .	1
displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .	1
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .	1
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	0
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .	1
she must have a very strong back .	1
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .	1
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .	0
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	0
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	0
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .	0
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	0
leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .	1
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .	1
enticing and often funny documentary .	1
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .	0
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .	1
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	0
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .	1
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .	1
it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	1
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	1
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .	0
amazingly dopey .	1
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .	0
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .	1
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	1
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .	0
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	0
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	1
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	1
a modest masterpiece .	1
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .	0
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .	0
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .	1
an asian neo-realist treasure .	1
a brutal and funny work .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .	1
-lrb- less a movie than -rrb- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .	0
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died .	0
it 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .	0
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .	0
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	1
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	0
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .	1
crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .	1
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .	1
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	0
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .	0
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	1
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .	1
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .	0
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm -lrb- wo n't be an -rrb- exceedingly memorable one for most people .	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	1
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	0
that frenetic spectacle -lrb- on the tv show -rrb- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .	0
still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .	1
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	0
and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .	0
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	1
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .	1
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -lrb- if not entirely wholesome -rrb- fun .	1
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	1
serious and thoughtful .	1
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .	1
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	1
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .	1
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .	0
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	0
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .	1
why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .	0
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .	1
the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .	0
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	0
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .	1
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already .	1
i will be .	1
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .	0
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	0
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .	1
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .	1
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .	1
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .	1
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .	1
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .	0
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	0
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .	0
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .	0
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	1
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .	0
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	0
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .	1
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .	0
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	0
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .	0
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .	1
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .	0
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .	1
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .	1
can you bear the laughter ?	1
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	1
never once predictable .	1
very bad .	0
but it was n't .	0
the master of disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .	0
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .	0
a gripping drama .	1
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	0
an unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .	0
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	0
upper teens may get cynical .	0
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .	0
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	1
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .	1
the film oozes craft .	1
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .	0
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	1
as expected , sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .	1
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	0
something must have been lost in the translation .	0
most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
a bit of an unwieldy mess .	0
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .	1
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	1
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	1
i liked it just enough .	1
just like hearst 's enormous yacht , it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .	0
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	1
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	0
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .	1
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .	0
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	0
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .	1
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	0
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	0
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .	1
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	1
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .	0
deliciously slow .	1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	1
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .	0
an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .	1
too bad .	0
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	0
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '	0
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .	0
it does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .	0
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .	0
maudlin and melodramatic we expected .	0
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .	1
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .	0
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	0
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . ''	0
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .	1
except it 's much , much better .	1
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	1
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .	0
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial .	0
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .	0
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	1
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	1
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .	0
what 's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .	0
it haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .	1
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	1
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	0
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it 's called where 's chris tucker when you need him ?	0
we get the comedy we settle for .	0
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .	0
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	1
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .	1
it would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .	0
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	1
as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .	1
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .	1
delirious fun .	1
let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home .	0
it drowns in sap .	0
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .	1
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	0
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	0
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .	1
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .	1
the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .	0
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '	1
in the end , there is n't much to it .	0
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .	0
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	0
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	1
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .	1
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	0
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	0
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .	1
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .	1
-lrb- siegel -rrb- and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .	0
but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .	0
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .	1
it 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .	0
-lrb- newton -rrb- wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .	0
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... -lrb- b -rrb- ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	0
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .	1
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	1
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	1
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . '	0
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	0
... hokey art house pretension .	0
not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .	1
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .	0
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it 's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .	0
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .	1
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	0
in an art film !	1
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest .	1
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .	1
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	1
it 's funny .	1
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''	0
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .	0
feels like one of those contrived , only-in - hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk .	0
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .	1
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .	1
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	1
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .	1
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	1
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .	1
and educational !	1
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .	0
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	1
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .	1
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	1
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen 's men is finally just one long drag .	0
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .	0
it 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .	1
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	1
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .	0
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .	0
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- rare , beautiful film .	1
noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .	1
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	0
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .	0
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .	0
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .	1
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	1
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''	0
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .	0
... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .	1
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .	1
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .	0
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	1
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	1
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .	1
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be	0
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .	1
a vivid cinematic portrait .	1
no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .	0
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	0
sure , i hated myself in the morning .	0
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	0
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter 's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .	0
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	0
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	0
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .	0
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies -lrb- plus one sheep dog -rrb- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .	1
narc may not get an ` a ' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor .	1
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .	1
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	0
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .	0
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	1
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .	0
... while dark water is n't a complete wash -lrb- no pun intended -rrb- , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	0
if you go , pack your knitting needles .	0
there 's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .	0
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .	1
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .	0
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .	1
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	0
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations	0
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .	0
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .	1
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .	0
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .	0
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	0
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century ... takes kurys ' career to a whole new level .	1
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .	1
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .	1
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . '	1
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	1
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	0
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	0
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	0
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't .	0
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .	1
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .	0
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	1
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .	0
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	1
it 's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .	1
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	0
a giggle a minute .	1
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .	1
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .	0
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan	1
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .	0
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	0
a relative letdown .	0
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	1
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	1
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .	1
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	1
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	0
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la	1
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	1
there 's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .	1
-lrb- grant 's -rrb- bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .	1
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .	1
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .	1
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start .	1
as conceived by mr. schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .	0
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .	1
there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .	1
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''	0
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .	0
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh does n't always improve the over-the-top mix .	0
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .	1
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	1
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	1
i did n't smile .	0
reassuring , retro uplifter .	1
tailored to entertain !	1
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .	0
their work is fantastic .	1
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .	1
almost everything else is wan .	0
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .	0
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .	0
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	1
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	0
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .	1
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .	1
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .	1
oh , and more entertaining , too .	1
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .	1
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	0
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	1
a movie to forget	0
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	1
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	0
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	0
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	1
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .	1
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .	1
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	0
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	1
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .	1
instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .	0
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
when the first few villians are introduced as `` spider '' and `` snake '' you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .	0
kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	1
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order	1
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .	1
at the bottom rung of the series ' entries .	0
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .	0
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .	0
harmless fun .	1
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .	1
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .	0
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .	0
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	0
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .	1
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .	0
a film that loses sight of its own story .	0
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .	0
insanely hilarious !	1
and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	1
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .	1
almost gags on its own gore .	0
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	1
too much power , not enough puff .	0
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .	0
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .	0
so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .	0
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .	1
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	0
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .	1
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	0
consider the title 's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .	0
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce .	0
funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''	1
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	1
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .	0
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .	1
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .	0
entertains by providing good , lively company .	1
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .	1
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .	1
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .	1
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	1
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .	1
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	0
the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie .	0
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	0
i loved looking at this movie .	1
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .	0
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	1
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	1
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .	0
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	0
extremely dumb .	0
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	1
it 's that good .	1
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .	1
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .	1
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .	1
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '	0
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	0
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .	1
it 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .	1
-lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .	1
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	0
it 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .	1
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine .	1
-lrb- davis -rrb- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .	0
the tale of tok -lrb- andy lau -rrb- , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o -lrb- takashi sorimachi -rrb- , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .	0
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good -lrb- but not great -rrb- movie .	1
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	1
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .	0
this is a movie you can trust .	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .	1
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .	1
it 's not a great monster movie .	0
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .	0
daring and beautifully made .	1
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .	1
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .	1
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .	1
if you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .	1
gives everyone something to shout about .	1
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .	0
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .	1
this is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !	1
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	0
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	1
much monkeyfun for all .	1
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	0
morvern rocks .	1
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	0
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .	1
the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .	0
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	0
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	1
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	1
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .	1
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .	1
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .	0
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .	1
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .	1
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .	1
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	1
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	0
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .	1
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .	1
unwieldy contraption .	0
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	1
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .	1
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	0
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	1
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	1
a fascinating and fun film .	1
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	0
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	0
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .	0
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	0
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	1
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	1
what happened with pluto nash ?	0
a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .	0
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .	1
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	1
it 's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really does n't fit the part .	0
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it 's all over his chelsea walls .	0
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .	1
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .	0
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	1
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	1
it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .	0
what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .	0
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .	0
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .	0
though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	1
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	1
this movie got me grinning .	1
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .	1
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .	0
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .	0
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park -lrb- as well as one , ms. mirren , who did -rrb- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	1
much of what is meant to be ` inspirational ' and ` uplifting ' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing -lrb- the movie 's -rrb- mindset .	0
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .	0
just one bad idea after another .	0
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : george w. bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .	0
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .	1
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	1
the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	0
as bundy , michael reilly burke -lrb- octopus 2 : river of fear -rrb- has just the right amount of charisma and menace .	1
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .	1
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done .	1
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .	1
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	0
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .	0
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .	0
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .	1
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .	1
throw smoochy from the train !	0
but as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .	0
the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .	0
-lrb- anderson -rrb- uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .	1
well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .	0
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	1
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .	1
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors -lrb- dawson leery did what ?!? -rrb- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .	0
barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	1
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	0
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	1
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .	1
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .	0
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	1
but on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .	1
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .	0
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	0
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .	0
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .	1
like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	1
this u-boat does n't have a captain .	0
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .	1
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .	1
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .	0
this is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .	1
writer\/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable .	0
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .	0
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee .	1
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .	1
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	0
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	1
... spiced with humor -lrb- ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -rrb- and witty updatings -lrb- silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -rrb-	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .	1
... perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .	0
director nalin pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .	0
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .	1
when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign .	0
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .	1
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .	1
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	1
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	1
... the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .	0
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer 's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .	1
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	0
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .	1
s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .	1
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .	1
-lrb- evans is -rrb- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	0
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .	0
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .	0
it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .	1
who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .	1
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	1
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	0
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	1
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .	0
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	1
we 're drawn in by the dark luster .	1
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .	0
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	0
an awful lot like one of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	0
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	0
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	1
if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers .	1
... a bland , pretentious mess .	0
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	1
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	0
lacks dramatic punch and depth .	0
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	1
the movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .	0
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	1
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .	1
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .	1
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .	1
a processed comedy chop suey .	0
a thriller without a lot of thrills .	0
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .	0
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .	0
a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .	0
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .	1
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	0
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	1
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	0
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .	1
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	0
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	0
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	1
-lrb- wendigo is -rrb- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .	1
at the very least , if you do n't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave .	0
i could n't recommend this film more .	1
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	0
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .	0
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	1
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	1
no surprises .	0
with danilo donati 's witty designs and dante spinotti 's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role .	1
it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .	0
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .	0
a compelling journey ... and `` his best friend remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .	1
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	1
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing .	1
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .	1
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .	1
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	1
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	0
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .	1
`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material .	0
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	1
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .	1
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	0
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .	0
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .	1
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .	1
one of the worst films of 2002 .	0
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .	1
but this time there 's some mold on the gold .	0
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .	1
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .	0
the performances are uniformly good .	1
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	0
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s .	1
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	0
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .	0
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .	1
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	0
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	1
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .	1
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .	1
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	1
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .	1
and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .	0
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	0
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .	0
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .	0
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .	0
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	1
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	1
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .	0
-lrb- t -rrb- he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution	0
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	1
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .	0
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .	1
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .	0
to say this was done better in wilder 's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .	0
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .	1
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	0
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .	0
if somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son , they 'd come up with something like bart freundlich 's world traveler .	0
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone 's career .	0
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	0
at times , it actually hurts to watch .	0
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . '	1
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .	0
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .	0
cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .	1
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	0
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	1
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .	1
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	1
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .	1
once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .	1
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .	1
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .	0
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	0
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	0
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .	1
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .	0
big fat waste of time .	0
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	1
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen	1
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .	1
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .	1
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	1
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	1
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	0
-lrb- reno -rrb- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	1
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .	0
like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .	1
unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo 's life imaginable .	0
guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .	0
fans of behan 's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .	1
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .	0
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	1
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . '	1
consider it ` perfection . '	1
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences .	1
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .	0
a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .	0
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .	0
hilariously inept and ridiculous .	1
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	0
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	1
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	0
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .	1
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	1
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	0
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .	0
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	1
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .	1
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	1
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	1
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look .	1
it 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .	1
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	1
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	0
it 's like a poem .	1
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	1
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	0
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	1
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own hollywood remake .	1
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .	0
-lrb- sam 's -rrb- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	0
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	0
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	1
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .	1
most of the action setups are incoherent .	0
-lrb- director peter -rrb- jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not .	1
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	1
absorbing character study by andré turpin .	1
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	0
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .	0
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .	1
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	0
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .	0
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	1
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .	0
two-bit potboiler .	0
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .	0
-lrb- danny huston gives -rrb- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	0
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .	0
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	1
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	1
with this masterful , flawless film , -lrb- wang -rrb- emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	1
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .	1
branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .	1
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	0
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .	1
-lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	0
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	0
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .	0
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .	0
the heat of the moment prevails .	1
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .	0
that 's a cheat .	0
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .	1
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?	0
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	0
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .	1
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	1
-lrb- t -rrb- oo many of these gross out scenes ...	0
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	1
energetic and boldly provocative .	1
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	0
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	0
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .	0
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .	0
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .	0
the film 's center will not hold .	0
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .	1
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .	0
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	0
to call the other side of heaven `` appalling '' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .	0
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .	1
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit .	0
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .	0
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	0
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .	0
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	1
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	0
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	0
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .	1
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .	0
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .	0
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .	1
it 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .	1
-lrb- sen 's -rrb- soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .	0
a deep and meaningful film .	1
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...	1
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .	1
one of the best of the year .	1
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	0
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .	0
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .	0
even though many of these guys are less than adorable -lrb- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -rrb- , there 's something vital about the movie .	1
i 've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .	0
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .	0
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	1
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .	0
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	1
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .	0
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .	0
i did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .	0
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	0
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .	0
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	0
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	1
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	0
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .	0
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .	1
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	1
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	0
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	0
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	0
`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	1
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .	1
-lrb- allen -rrb- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	1
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .	1
painfully padded .	0
it 's quite diverting nonsense .	0
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	0
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	1
a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .	1
it thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -lrb- jaglom -rrb- pursued with such enervating determination in venice\/venice .	1
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	0
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...	1
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	1
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	0
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	0
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .	1
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	1
an exhilarating experience .	1
the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes .	0
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	0
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	1
everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .	1
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .	0
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	0
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .	0
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	1
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .	1
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .	1
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .	1
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	0
you have no affinity for most of the characters .	0
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .	1
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .	0
the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	0
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .	0
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .	0
it 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .	0
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .	1
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .	1
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .	1
you 'll know a star when you see one .	1
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	0
earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .	1
kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .	0
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	1
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .	1
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .	0
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	0
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	0
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .	1
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .	1
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .	1
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	0
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .	0
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .	0
it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	0
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .	1
as saccharine as it is disposable .	0
let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .	1
dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it does n't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .	0
witless and utterly pointless .	0
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .	0
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	1
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	1
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .	0
woody allen 's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .	1
a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .	0
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .	0
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '	0
it does n't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .	0
the ingenious construction -lrb- adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel -rrb- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	1
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .	1
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	0
` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	1
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .	1
-lrb- broomfield -rrb- uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .	1
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams `` bathroom break ! ''	1
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	0
but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- slummer .	0
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .	1
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	0
gets better after foster leaves that little room .	1
it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .	1
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .	1
it helps that lil bow wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .	1
the wanton slipperiness of \* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	1
this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .	1
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .	1
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .	1
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !	1
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .	0
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	1
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	1
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .	1
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .	1
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- satisfying niblet .	1
`` men in black ii , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel .	1
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	0
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	0
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .	1
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	1
even the digressions are funny .	1
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .	1
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	0
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	1
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .	0
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	0
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .	0
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year 's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .	0
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	1
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	1
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	1
my reaction in a word : disappointment .	0
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	0
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .	1
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .	1
the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife .	1
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	0
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	0
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	0
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .	1
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .	0
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .	1
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	1
coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .	1
there 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .	0
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	1
it 's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .	1
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .	0
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	0
one of the worst movies of the year .	0
nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach ... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .	0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer .	0
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .	1
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .	0
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i 've seen in a long time .	1
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .	1
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis .	1
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	0
... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i 've seen in quite a long time .	1
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	1
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	0
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	0
now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	1
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians .	1
the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .	0
but he somehow pulls it off .	1
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .	1
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	0
but i was n't .	0
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .	0
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .	0
i like it .	1
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	1
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .	1
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	0
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .	1
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .	0
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .	1
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .	1
it 's an awfully derivative story .	0
it 's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice .	1
... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .	0
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .	0
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin	1
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	0
the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...	1
ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact amber is such a joke .	0
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	0
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	0
the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -lrb- water -rrb- weight of the other .	0
... -lrb- the film -rrb- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .	1
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .	1
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	0
... wise and elegiac ...	1
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	1
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .	0
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .	1
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	1
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .	1
the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .	0
lush and beautifully photographed -lrb- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -rrb- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	0
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	0
however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts .	0
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	1
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .	0
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '	1
writer\/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	1
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .	0
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .	1
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	1
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	1
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .	1
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ?	1
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	1
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	1
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	0
the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .	0
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	0
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	0
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash .	0
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , `` in the bedroom , '' moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations	1
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .	0
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .	0
be patient with the lovely hush !	1
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .	1
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	1
a model of what films like this should be like .	1
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	0
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .	1
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	1
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	0
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .	1
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	0
i just loved every minute of this film .	1
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .	1
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	0
-lrb- howard -rrb- so good as leon barlow ... that he hardly seems to be acting .	1
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .	0
it 's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn .	1
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	0
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .	0
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	0
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .	0
the central story lacks punch .	0
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .	1
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	1
i wanted more .	0
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .	1
culkin , who 's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .	1
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .	0
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .	0
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .	0
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	0
poetry in motion captured on film .	1
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .	0
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .	1
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .	0
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .	0
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .	1
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	0
`` the time machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .	0
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	0
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .	1
yes , soar .	1
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .	0
but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .	1
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	0
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .	1
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	0
strange and beautiful film .	1
no , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else .	0
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .	1
a recipe for cinematic disaster ... part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it 's all bad .	0
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice 's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .	0
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .	1
an enjoyable experience .	1
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	1
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .	0
pipe dream does have its charms .	1
it 's also stupider .	0
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .	0
a surprisingly funny movie .	1
shot perhaps ` artistically ' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .	0
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .	0
... watching it was painful .	0
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	0
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	0
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	0
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	0
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	0
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	1
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .	0
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .	0
a weird and wonderful comedy .	1
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	0
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	0
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...	1
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	0
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	1
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	1
this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .	1
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	1
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans -lrb- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -rrb- , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .	1
opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between .	0
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .	1
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	1
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	1
a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .	1
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .	0
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .	1
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .	0
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .	0
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .	1
it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .	0
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	0
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	0
the film is full of charm .	1
i 'm just too bored to care .	0
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	1
though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .	1
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	1
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .	0
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .	0
while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''	0
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	0
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	1
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	0
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .	1
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .	0
... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .	1
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	0
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .	1
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .	1
a beautiful paean to a time long past .	1
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	1
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''	0
more precious than perspicacious	1
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .	1
does n't amount to much of anything .	0
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .	0
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .	1
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	0
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	0
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	0
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... -lrb- and -rrb- personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .	1
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it .	0
a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .	0
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .	1
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .	1
-lrb- seems -rrb- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	0
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .	0
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	1
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it 's almost funny .	0
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want .	1
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .	0
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .	1
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	1
pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .	0
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	0
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	1
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .	0
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .	1
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	1
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .	0
disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .	1
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	1
i can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .	0
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .	1
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	1
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .	0
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	0
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	1
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .	1
entertaining enough , but nothing new	0
truly terrible .	0
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	0
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	0
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	0
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .	1
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	1
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .	0
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .	1
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	0
good , solid storytelling .	1
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .	0
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .	0
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	0
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	0
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	0
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	0
its direction , its script , and weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .	1
i ca n't recommend it .	0
worthy of the gong .	0
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .	1
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	1
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	0
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .	1
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .	0
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	0
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .	1
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .	1
if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.	0
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .	0
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .	1
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .	1
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	1
no laughs .	0
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .	0
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .	1
it 's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel ...	1
it 's also the year 's sweetest movie .	1
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	1
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .	1
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .	1
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	0
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .	0
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	0
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .	1
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .	1
nothing about this movie works .	0
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .	1
... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .	0
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	0
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .	0
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	1
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	0
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .	1
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .	1
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	1
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	1
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much .	0
while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying .	1
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	1
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .	1
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .	0
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .	1
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	0
he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works .	1
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .	1
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .	1
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .	1
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .	1
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .	0
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	0
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .	1
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	1
a dreadful live-action movie .	0
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm	1
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	0
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .	0
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	0
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .	1
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .	0
just bring on the battle bots , please !	1
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .	1
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .	0
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	0
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .	1
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	0
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	1
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	0
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	1
but it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .	1
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .	0
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	1
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	1
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	0
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	0
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	0
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	0
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	0
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	0
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .	0
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .	1
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r. abrams , in their feature debut .	0
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	1
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .	1
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .	1
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .	0
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .	1
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .	1
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .	0
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .	0
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	0
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .	0
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .	1
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .	1
a tasty masala .	1
using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .	1
marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .	0
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .	1
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .	0
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	1
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .	0
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .	1
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	1
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer -lrb- jeremy renner -rrb- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	0
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .	1
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .	0
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	0
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .	1
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	0
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	0
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .	1
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .	1
i did n't laugh .	0
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .	1
it 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .	0
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	0
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	1
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	0
as written by michael berg and michael j. wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .	0
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .	1
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	0
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	0
fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .	0
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	0
-lrb- green is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	0
it never fails to engage us .	1
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .	1
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	0
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !	1
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	0
-lrb- reynolds -rrb- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	1
a soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .	0
farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis 's world-weary colonel .	1
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .	0
even if you do n't think -lrb- kissinger 's -rrb- any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .	1
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	0
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness	0
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine .	0
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .	1
but not without cheesy fun factor .	1
never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n't live up to barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .	0
he 'd create a movie better than this .	0
the saturation bombing of reggio 's images and glass ' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .	0
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .	0
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke .	0
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .	1
less than fresh .	0
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	1
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -lrb- it -rrb- stimulating depth .	1
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film .	1
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	1
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?	0
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	1
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .	0
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .	0
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	1
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	0
a slight but sweet film .	1
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ''	0
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	1
how about surprising us by trying something new ?	0
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	0
if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	1
for all its serious sense of purpose ... -lrb- it -rrb- finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	1
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .	1
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .	0
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	0
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .	1
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .	1
utter mush ... conceited pap .	0
it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .	1
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs .	0
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .	1
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	0
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .	1
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .	1
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	1
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .	0
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	0
another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances	1
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .	0
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	0
compellingly watchable .	1
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .	0
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	1
kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	0
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .	0
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .	0
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .	0
-lrb- lee -rrb- treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .	0
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
what 's most striking about this largely celebratory film ... is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .	1
a meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` b + . ''	1
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .	1
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	1
this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .	1
` dragonfly ' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .	0
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	0
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .	0
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	1
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	0
the old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .	1
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?	0
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	0
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .	1
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	0
you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .	0
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	0
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .	0
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	1
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	1
occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .	1
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .	1
part low rent godfather .	0
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .	1
with the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .	1
some of seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .	0
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
it 's just not very smart .	0
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning .	0
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	0
a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .	0
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	1
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .	1
this thing is just garbage .	0
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .	1
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .	0
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	1
polished , well-structured film .	1
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .	1
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- delivers a magnetic performance .	1
a sometimes tedious film .	0
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	1
although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .	0
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .	1
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	0
big mistake .	0
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .	1
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	0
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	0
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .	0
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .	1
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	0
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .	1
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .	1
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .	0
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	0
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...	1
-lrb- russell -rrb- makes good b movies -lrb- the mask , the blob -rrb- , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .	1
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	0
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	0
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	1
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	1
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	0
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	0
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .	1
there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .	1
writer\/director alexander payne -lrb- election -rrb- and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .	1
watching haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .	0
i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it 'll be on video by then .	0
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .	1
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	0
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	1
seriously , rent the disney version .	0
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	1
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	0
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	0
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .	0
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .	1
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .	1
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .	0
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .	1
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	1
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .	1
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	1
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	0
it 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .	0
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	0
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	1
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .	0
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''	0
-lrb- a -rrb- strong piece of work .	1
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	0
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .	0
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .	1
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	0
this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .	1
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .	0
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .	0
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	1
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .	1
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	1
-lrb- sports -rrb- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .	1
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .	1
another best of the year selection .	1
it 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny , and it 's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .	0
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .	1
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	1
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	0
sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .	0
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	1
e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	1
uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .	0
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .	0
`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	1
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	0
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	0
but some unexpected zigs and zags help .	1
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .	0
when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .	0
i kept thinking over and over again , ' i should be enjoying this . '	0
a three-hour cinema master class .	1
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .	1
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .	0
now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .	1
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	1
an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .	1
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .	1
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	0
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .	1
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	0
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .	1
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .	0
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	1
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .	1
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	1
it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	0
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .	1
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .	1
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	0
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	1
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .	1
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	1
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .	1
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .	0
there 's already been too many of these films ...	0
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus .	0
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care .	0
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	1
sad nonsense , this .	0
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	0
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart 's war , like the st. louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .	0
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	0
a loving little film of considerable appeal .	1
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x.	0
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr. schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .	0
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	1
a weird , arresting little ride .	1
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	1
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .	0
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .	1
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .	1
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .	1
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .	0
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .	0
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .	0
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	0
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	0
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	0
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .	1
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .	0
-lrb- `` safe conduct '' -rrb- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .	1
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .	1
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .	1
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	1
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	0
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	0
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	1
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	1
if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .	1
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?	1
that 's because relatively nothing happens .	0
there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .	1
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	1
its well of thorn and vinegar -lrb- and simple humanity -rrb- has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .	0
fresnadillo 's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away .	1
... unlike -lrb- scorsese 's mean streets -rrb- , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .	0
he 's not good with people .	0
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	0
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .	1
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .	0
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .	1
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .	0
is n't it great ?	1
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	1
-lrb- gosling 's -rrb- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .	1
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .	1
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .	1
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	0
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	1
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	0
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	1
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .	0
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	0
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	0
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	0
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .	0
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .	0
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	1
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	0
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	0
somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .	0
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	1
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .	1
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this imposter .	0
shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .	0
-lrb- d -rrb- espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...	1
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '	1
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	1
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	0
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	1
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	0
it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	0
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	0
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . '	0
going to the website may be just as fun -lrb- and scary -rrb- as going to the film .	0
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
a big fat pain .	0
a well-executed spy-thriller .	1
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .	1
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	0
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	0
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	0
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	0
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	0
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .	0
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .	0
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .	1
the movie 's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor	1
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	0
-lrb- n -rrb- o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	0
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .	1
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	0
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .	0
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .	1
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	1
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	0
get out your pooper-scoopers .	0
the script ?	0
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .	0
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .	1
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .	0
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .	1
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .	0
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .	1
even kids deserve better .	0
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g	0
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	0
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .	1
amazing !	1
it 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .	0
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	1
as green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .	1
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .	0
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .	0
opera on film is never satisfactory .	0
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	1
too close to phantom menace for comfort .	0
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ...	1
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	1
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .	0
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .	1
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie -lrb- woody allen -rrb- has made in the last twenty years .	0
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	1
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	1
the words , ` frankly , my dear , i do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .	0
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .	0
well , it does go on forever .	0
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?	0
a teasing drama whose relentless good-deed\/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .	1
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .	1
a gentle and engrossing character study .	1
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .	0
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .	1
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	1
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	1
taken outside the context of the current political climate -lrb- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -rrb-	0
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .	1
they felt like the same movie to me .	0
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	0
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	0
a charming but slight comedy .	1
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	0
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .	1
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .	0
he fails .	0
it 's just filler .	0
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	0
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	1
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .	0
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	1
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .	0
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .	1
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .	1
-lrb- creates -rrb- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	0
while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	0
the crap continues .	0
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .	1
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .	0
a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .	0
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .	1
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	1
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .	0
others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .	0
serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .	0
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr. holland 's class for the music , or to robin williams 's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .	0
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	0
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	1
superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .	1
cinematic poo .	0
the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .	1
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	0
if only it were , well , funnier .	0
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .	0
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' i just might .	1
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .	1
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .	0
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open .	1
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .	0
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	0
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	0
it 's better than the phantom menace .	1
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .	0
stay away .	0
one minute , you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it 's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and\/or sailor moon have been spliced in .	0
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	0
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .	0
there 's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .	0
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli\/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	1
... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .	1
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .	0
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	0
catch it ... if you can !	1
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	1
without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen .	1
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	1
the more kevin costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them .	0
he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .	0
shame on writer\/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	0
moot point .	0
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .	1
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	1
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .	1
yes , it 's as good as you remember .	1
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	1
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	0
-lrb- ferrera -rrb- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	1
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .	1
it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .	1
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .	0
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	0
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	0
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	1
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .	0
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .	0
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	1
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	1
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .	0
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	1
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	0
pray has really done his subject justice .	1
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .	0
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .	1
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids -lrb- of all ages -rrb- that like adventure .	1
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .	1
it 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .	0
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	1
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .	0
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	0
incoherence reigns .	0
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .	1
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .	0
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .	0
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	0
the screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .	0
... the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .	0
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	1
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .	1
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .	0
it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .	0
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .	1
... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .	1
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	0
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	0
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	0
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	1
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
an absurdist spider web .	0
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .	1
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .	0
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .	0
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	1
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .	1
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .	0
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .	0
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	0
determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult .	0
it 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .	1
the all-french cast is marveilleux .	1
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	1
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .	1
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .	0
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	1
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	0
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	0
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	0
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	1
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	0
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .	1
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	1
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	1
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .	0
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .	0
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .	1
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	0
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?	0
this is so bad .	0
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	0
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	0
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	0
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	1
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	1
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .	1
you 'll probably love it .	1
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	0
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc .	0
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .	1
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .	1
simone is not a bad film .	1
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .	0
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .	1
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	0
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	0
oh , look at that clever angle !	1
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .	0
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .	1
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	0
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	1
has a solid emotional impact .	1
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .	1
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .	0
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .	0
maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .	0
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing	1
-lrb- h -rrb- ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .	0
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	1
there 's plenty to impress about e.t.	1
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	1
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .	1
moving and vibrant .	1
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .	0
there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	1
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .	1
the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .	0
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .	0
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .	1
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .	1
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .	1
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .	1
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	0
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...	1
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .	0
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	1
i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .	0
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	0
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	0
professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .	0
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .	0
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .	1
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	1
the film is really not so much bad as bland .	0
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .	0
philip k. dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .	0
the pianist is polanski 's best film .	1
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .	1
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	0
whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel something .	1
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .	1
godawful boring slug of a movie .	0
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	1
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .	1
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .	0
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .	1
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	0
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .	1
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	0
see it for his performance if nothing else .	1
mr. wedge and mr. saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .	1
that , in itself , is extraordinary .	1
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	1
hey , happy !	1
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	0
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .	0
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	0
this thing is virtually unwatchable .	0
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	1
it 's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .	0
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	0
the best movie of its kind since ` brazil . '	1
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .	1
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	1
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	0
thanks to haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .	1
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .	1
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two	1
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .	0
meandering and confusing .	0
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .	1
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .	1
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .	0
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	0
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	0
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	0
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	0
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	0
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	1
from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir .	1
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	0
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .	0
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .	1
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .	1
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	1
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .	1
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	1
there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .	0
old-form moviemaking at its best .	1
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	1
it 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .	1
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .	1
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	0
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .	1
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	0
you might not buy the ideas .	0
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .	1
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	1
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .	0
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?	1
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .	1
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie	0
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	0
the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... -lrb- quills -rrb- did by showing them .	1
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	0
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler 's many talents .	1
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .	1
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	0
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .	0
though writer\/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	1
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	1
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .	0
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	1
i still want my money back .	0
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	0
troubling and powerful .	1
when it really counts ... bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .	1
some studio pizazz might have helped .	0
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	1
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .	1
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .	0
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	1
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .	1
does n't really add up to much .	0
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	0
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ?	0
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	0
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .	1
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	1
goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	1
an eccentric little comic\/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .	1
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .	1
the title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .	0
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	0
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ''	1
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	0
-lrb- lawrence bounces -rrb- all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .	1
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	1
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	1
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	1
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .	1
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land .	1
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .	0
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	1
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	1
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .	0
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .	0
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack .	0
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .	1
for a shoot - 'em - up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .	0
jacquot 's tosca is a treat .	1
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .	1
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	0
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .	0
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .	0
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie .	0
a coarse and stupid gross-out .	0
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .	1
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	0
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	1
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .	0
there 's no good answer to that one .	0
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .	0
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	1
it 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .	0
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -lrb- or be entertained by -rrb- .	0
cool .	1
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .	1
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .	0
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	0
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	0
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	1
what 's next ?	1
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .	1
workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .	1
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	0
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .	1
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family	1
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .	1
or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .	0
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .	0
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it	0
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .	0
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .	1
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	1
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	1
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	0
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that 's something i would rather live in denial about	0
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .	1
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	1
notorious c.h.o. has oodles of vulgar highlights .	0
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .	1
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .	1
you expect more from director michael apted -lrb- enigma -rrb- and screenwriter nicholas kazan -lrb- reversal of fortune -rrb- than this cliche pileup .	0
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	0
that 's its first sign of trouble .	0
much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .	1
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	0
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	1
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	1
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	0
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !	0
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .	0
a sequel that 's much too big for its britches .	0
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .	1
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .	0
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .	1
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .	1
... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .	0
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	0
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	1
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .	1
too bad none of it is funny .	0
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	0
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	0
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .	0
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .	0
only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee 's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .	1
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover .	0
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .	1
i tried to read the time on my watch .	0
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .	1
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .	0
or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	0
it 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .	0
cool ?	1
for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .	1
there 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .	0
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .	1
as ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .	0
bad movie .	0
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	1
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	1
bad .	0
a riveting story well told .	1
wishy-washy .	0
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .	1
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production .	1
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	0
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .	1
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .	1
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	1
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	1
i did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .	0
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .	0
like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .	0
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .	0
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .	1
de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .	0
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .	1
a sour , nasty offering .	0
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .	1
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	1
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	1
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	1
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	1
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .	0
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	1
with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .	0
bring tissues .	1
fancy a real downer ?	0
it 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this `` two weddings and a funeral '' fun .	1
delightfully rendered	1
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .	1
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .	1
an exit sign , that is .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- real pleasure in its laid-back way .	1
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	0
no. .	0
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	1
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	0
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .	0
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .	1
you 'll end up moved .	1
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	1
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	1
with an unusual protagonist -lrb- a kilt-wearing jackson -rrb- and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .	1
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .	1
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .	0
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	0
if -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	1
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck , wait till you see maid in manhattan .	0
-lrb- woo 's -rrb- most resonant film since the killer .	1
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	0
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters	1
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .	1
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .	1
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	1
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .	1
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '	1
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	1
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	1
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	0
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .	1
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .	1
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	0
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .	1
a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .	1
i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .	0
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	0
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .	1
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	0
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script .	1
the story and structure are well-honed .	1
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that .	1
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	0
there 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwriting ... this film packs a wallop of the latter .	0
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .	1
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	0
the sheer dumbness of the plot -lrb- other than its one good idea -rrb- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	0
bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .	1
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .	0
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	1
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? ''	0
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -lrb- as well as a serious debt to the road warrior -rrb- , but it feels like unrealized potential	1
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .	1
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .	0
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .	0
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	0
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .	0
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	1
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .	0
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	0
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	0
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .	0
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	0
the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	1
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .	0
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .	1
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	1
at once half-baked and overheated .	0
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .	1
zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .	1
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	1
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .	1
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	1
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?	0
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	0
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	0
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	0
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	0
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	0
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	1
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .	1
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .	1
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .	0
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	0
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	1
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .	1
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	0
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .	1
rates an ` e ' for effort -- and a ` b ' for boring .	0
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .	1
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .	1
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	0
demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .	0
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .	1
i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .	0
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .	0
it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	1
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .	1
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...	1
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	1
the cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters .	0
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .	0
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the l.a. beach scene and the imaginative -lrb- and sometimes illegal -rrb- ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .	1
well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .	0
so could young romantics out on a date .	1
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	1
bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .	1
samira makhmalbaf 's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal	0
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	1
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .	0
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller 's hand often feels unsure .	0
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .	1
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .	0
if you love him , you 'll like it .	1
... blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .	1
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .	1
it ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy .	0
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	0
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .	1
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	1
a charmer from belgium .	1
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	1
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	0
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	1
newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg .	1
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	0
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	0
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .	1
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .	0
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .	0
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .	1
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .	1
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .	0
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .	1
all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .	0
lame , haphazard teen comedy .	0
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .	1
but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .	1
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .	1
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	1
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	1
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel -lrb- about schmidt -rrb- and an old payne screenplay .	0
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	0
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .	1
a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .	1
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	0
a great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .	0
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	1
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	1
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	0
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .	1
a bold -lrb- and lovely -rrb- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .	1
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .	1
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .	0
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .	0
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	1
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .	1
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ?	0
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .	1
just a kiss is a just a waste .	0
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	0
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .	0
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	0
from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernstein 's perfectly melodic score , haynes gets just about everything right .	1
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	1
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .	1
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .	1
viva le resistance !	1
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	0
a remarkable film by bernard rose .	1
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?	0
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .	1
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	1
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .	1
too clever by about nine-tenths .	1
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .	0
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .	0
a doa dud from frame one .	0
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	0
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	0
twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	1
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .	0
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .	1
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye .	0
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .	1
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	1
a taut , sobering film .	1
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	0
like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .	0
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .	0
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .	1
a cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .	1
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	1
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	0
an encouraging effort from mccrudden	1
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .	0
the film 's most improbable feat ?	0
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .	1
well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .	1
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	1
it 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .	1
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	1
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market .	1
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	1
the draw -lrb- for `` big bad love '' -rrb- is a solid performance by arliss howard .	1
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	0
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states .	1
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes .	1
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	1
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	1
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .	0
... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .	0
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	1
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	1
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .	1
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .	0
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson 's perspective as a storyteller .	0
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	1
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .	0
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	1
storytelling feels slight .	0
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .	1
cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	0
the action clichés just pile up .	0
too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .	0
predictably soulless techno-tripe .	0
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .	1
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .	1
maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul `` full frontal '' seems , well , contrived .	0
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .	0
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .	0
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	1
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	1
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	1
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .	1
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .	1
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .	0
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .	1
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .	0
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .	0
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	0
ridiculous .	0
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .	0
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	0
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	0
one from the heart .	1
-lrb- the cockettes -rrb- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	1
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .	1
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	1
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .	1
it 's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .	0
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .	0
is one of this year 's very best pictures .	1
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .	1
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .	1
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .	0
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?	0
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	1
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .	0
it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .	1
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .	1
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	1
... mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '	1
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .	0
competently directed but terminally cute drama .	1
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .	1
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .	1
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	1
all that -lrb- powerpuff girls -rrb- charm is present in the movie , but it 's spread too thin .	0
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .	0
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	1
the performances are an absolute joy .	1
-lrb- plays -rrb- in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .	0
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	1
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	0
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .	0
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .	1
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	0
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	1
it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .	0
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .	1
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly ... alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman -lrb- who never gets to play that flute -rrb- has all the charm of a meltdown .	0
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .	0
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .	1
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .	0
malcolm mcdowell is cool .	1
the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .	0
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .	1
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	1
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .	1
her delivery and timing are flawless .	1
from the opening scenes , it 's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .	0
... silly humbuggery ...	0
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	1
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .	0
predictably melodramatic .	0
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	1
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	0
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .	0
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .	0
seldahl 's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .	1
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	0
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''	0
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .	0
like its two predecessors , 1983 's koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .	0
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	1
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	1
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love .	1
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	0
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	1
remember it .	1
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	0
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .	1
the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and -lrb- too -rrb- short on action .	0
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .	1
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .	1
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	1
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	0
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .	1
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	1
having never been a huge fan of dickens ' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath 's version .	1
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	0
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	0
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	0
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	1
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -lrb- though no less horrifying for it -rrb- .	1
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	1
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	0
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	0
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .	1
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	1
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	0
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .	1
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .	1
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	1
it still feels like a prison stretch .	0
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	1
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	0
once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectacular scale .	1
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !	1
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .	1
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .	1
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .	0
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	0
an ugly , revolting movie .	0
it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .	1
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .	1
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .	1
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .	1
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .	1
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .	1
if your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .	1
people cinema at its finest .	1
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	0
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	1
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .	1
but they fascinate in their recklessness .	1
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .	1
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .	1
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	0
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .	0
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	0
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	0
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .	1
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	0
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	1
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	0
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	1
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .	1
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .	0
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .	0
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .	1
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	1
mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .	1
if only it had the story to match .	0
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .	0
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	0
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .	1
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	0
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	1
... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .	1
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .	1
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .	1
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .	0
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '	1
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	1
topkapi this is not .	0
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	1
it has fun being grown up .	1
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	1
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .	0
barely goes beyond comic book status .	0
it all adds up to good fun .	1
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .	1
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to see this !	1
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .	1
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .	1
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	1
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	0
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	0
i hated every minute of it .	0
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	1
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .	0
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .	1
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	1
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .	0
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .	1
this story still seems timely and important .	1
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .	0
painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .	1
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -lrb- jason bourne -rrb- .	1
the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective .	0
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .	1
it 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .	1
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	0
it 's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .	0
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross 's turn as ken .	1
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .	1
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .	0
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .	0
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	0
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .	0
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .	1
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .	1
jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .	1
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	1
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .	1
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .	0
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .	1
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	0
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	0
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .	1
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	1
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	1
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .	0
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again .	1
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	1
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .	0
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	0
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .	1
nothing but an episode of smackdown !	0
after you laugh once -lrb- maybe twice -rrb- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	0
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''	1
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .	0
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	0
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	1
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .	0
hate it because it 's lousy .	0
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	1
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .	1
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	1
it should have stayed there .	0
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	0
no way i can believe this load of junk .	0
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .	0
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	0
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	1
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .	0
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	1
is this progress ?	0
in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .	0
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	0
it 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .	0
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .	0
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .	1
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .	0
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .	1
a well-crafted letdown .	0
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	1
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	0
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	0
kinnear gives a tremendous performance .	1
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	0
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	0
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	1
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .	1
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	1
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .	0
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	0
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .	0
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...	1
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .	0
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .	0
it 's an interesting effort -lrb- particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts -rrb- , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	1
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	1
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .	0
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel .	1
the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .	0
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	1
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	0
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .	1
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .	1
` enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .	0
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .	0
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films	1
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	0
shrewd but pointless .	0
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .	1
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	1
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .	1
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '	0
... a pretentious mess ...	0
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	1
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	1
i do n't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh 's full frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it .	1
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .	1
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .	0
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .	1
poignant and funny .	1
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	0
-lrb- but it 's -rrb- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser .	1
sluggish , tonally uneven .	0
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	1
if you 're not the target demographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .	0
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .	1
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that are n't funny .	0
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	1
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	1
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .	0
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	1
there 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .	0
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .	0
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	0
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .	0
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .	1
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	0
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .	1
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	0
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '	0
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	0
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	1
it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .	1
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .	0
-lrb- the kid 's -rrb- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .	0
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .	1
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	1
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	0
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	0
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .	1
what the director ca n't do is make either of val kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .	0
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	1
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	1
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .	1
go back to sleep .	0
being author wells ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material .	0
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	0
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	1
this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	1
aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .	1
the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .	0
shallow , noisy and pretentious .	0
the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .	1
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	0
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .	0
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .	1
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .	0
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	0
an original gem about an obsession with time .	1
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .	0
the movie has a script -lrb- by paul pender -rrb- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	0
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .	0
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .	1
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .	0
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	0
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	0
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .	1
with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv 's defunct cleopatra 2525 .	0
but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .	1
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .	0
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	0
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .	1
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	0
even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .	0
this film biggest problem ?	0
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .	1
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .	0
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .	1
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	0
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .	1
dramas like this make it human .	1
it wo n't be long before you 'll spy i spy at a video store near you .	0
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	0
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	0
moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995 's safe .	1
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .	1
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .	1
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	0
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .	0
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .	0
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .	1
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .	1
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	0
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .	1
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises	0
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .	1
in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did .	0
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .	1
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	1
the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .	0
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr. feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic .	1
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .	0
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	1
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .	0
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .	1
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	0
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	0
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .	1
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .	1
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter .	0
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .	1
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	1
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .	1
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	0
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .	0
smith 's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .	1
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	0
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .	1
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	0
disjointed parody .	0
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	0
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .	0
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not .	0
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	0
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .	0
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .	0
-lrb- cho 's face is -rrb- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	1
the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routine .	0
diane lane shines in unfaithful .	1
a captivating new film .	1
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .	0
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .	1
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .	0
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .	1
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .	0
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .	0
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .	0
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .	1
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .	0
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	1
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .	0
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .	1
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	1
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	1
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	0
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	0
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .	1
there is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .	1
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .	1
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .	1
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	0
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .	1
aggravating and tedious .	0
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius .	1
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	0
delight your senses and crash this wedding !	1
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	0
pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .	1
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .	1
it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	0
a ragbag of cliches .	0
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .	0
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .	1
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	1
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	1
it 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .	0
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -lrb- dark green , to be exact -rrb- , sour , bloody and mean .	0
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .	1
this is n't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it 's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .	0
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	1
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .	1
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .	1
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .	1
i 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .	0
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	1
the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .	0
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it 's a lot less sensational than it wants to be .	0
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	0
spare but quietly effective retelling .	1
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	0
watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .	1
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .	0
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	0
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	1
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .	1
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .	1
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .	0
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	1
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	1
white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	0
cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .	1
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	0
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .	0
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	0
run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .	1
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	1
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .	0
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	1
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .	0
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .	0
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	0
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	1
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	0
a mess .	0
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .	0
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .	0
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .	0
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .	1
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .	0
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .	1
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	0
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .	1
while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .	1
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	0
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .	0
hayek is stunning as frida and ... a star-making project .	1
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	0
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	0
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	0
flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .	1
a marvel like none you 've seen .	1
i wish i could say `` thank god it 's friday '' , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .	0
-lrb- lin chung 's -rrb- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -lrb- at least to this western ear -rrb- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .	0
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .	1
-lrb- `` take care of my cat '' -rrb- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	1
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	0
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -lrb- young bow wow fans -rrb- - with nothing but net .	1
it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .	1
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .	0
bravado kathy !	1
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .	0
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	0
for starters , the story is just too slim .	0
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	0
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .	0
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .	1
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .	1
tim story 's not there yet - but ` barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .	1
naipaul fans may be disappointed .	0
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .	0
the worst film of the year .	0
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .	0
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	1
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .	1
too much of the humor falls flat .	0
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .	1
-lrb- t -rrb- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .	0
there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .	1
knows how to make our imagination wonder .	1
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .	1
stale , futile scenario .	0
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	0
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	0
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it .	0
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .	1
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others .	1
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .	0
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	0
stephen earnhart 's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .	1
on top of a foundering performance , -lrb- madonna 's -rrb- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	0
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .	0
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	1
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	0
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	0
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	1
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .	1
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .	1
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .	1
me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .	1
as a singular character study , it 's perfect .	1
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music	1
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	1
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	0
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .	1
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	1
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	1
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	1
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	0
while -lrb- hill -rrb- has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .	0
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	0
a subtle and well-crafted -lrb- for the most part -rrb- chiller .	1
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .	1
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	0
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	1
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	1
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	0
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .	1
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .	0
a taut , intelligent psychological drama .	1
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .	1
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .	1
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	1
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	1
goes on and on to the point of nausea .	0
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .	1
... in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .	1
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .	1
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .	0
foster and whitaker are especially fine .	1
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .	0
it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	0
sleek and arty .	1
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	0
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	0
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .	0
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	1
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .	0
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .	1
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .	0
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .	0
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .	1
this is n't a narrative film -- i do n't know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i 'm sure some will try -- but it 's as close as anyone has dared to come .	1
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .	1
often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	1
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making	0
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .	1
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	0
it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	1
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .	1
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .	1
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	1
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	0
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	1
this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .	0
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	0
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .	0
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	0
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .	1
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...	0
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel -lrb- or robert aldrich -rrb- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .	0
zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .	0
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .	1
`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	0
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade .	1
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	0
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .	1
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	0
includes too much obvious padding .	0
yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	0
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .	1
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	0
go see it and enjoy .	1
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .	1
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .	0
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .	0
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	1
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	0
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .	1
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .	1
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller .	0
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	0
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	1
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .	1
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	1
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	0
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .	1
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal .	0
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	1
leaks treacle from every pore .	0
it all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .	0
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	0
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	1
` abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let dante 's gloomy words be your guide .	0
really quite funny .	1
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	1
but the actors make this worth a peek .	1
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .	0
despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .	1
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	1
wewannour money back , actually .	0
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .	0
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	1
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	1
now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .	0
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .	0
lawrence should stick to his day job .	0
one of the funnier movies in town .	1
-lrb- director -rrb- o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .	0
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000	1
the best you can say about it is it 's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .	0
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	0
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .	0
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	0
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	1
opens as promising as any war\/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` glory : a soldier 's story . ''	0
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	0
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .	1
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .	1
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .	1
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .	1
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	1
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .	1
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .	1
-lrb- clooney 's -rrb- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .	1
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an -lrb- emotionally at least -rrb- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	0
they should have called it gutterball .	0
` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .	0
it has plenty of laughs .	1
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .	1
what you get with empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead .	0
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .	1
like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .	0
if there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .	0
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .	1
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	0
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	1
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	0
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	1
full of surprises .	1
like mike does n't win any points for originality .	0
-lrb- næs -rrb- directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .	1
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .	0
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?	0
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	0
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient	1
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious .	1
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	0
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .	1
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	0
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .	1
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...	0
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .	1
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	0
if you 've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .	0
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .	1
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	0
it settles for being merely grim .	0
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .	1
the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun -- toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .	0
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .	1
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .	0
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	1
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .	1
majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .	1
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .	0
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .	0
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	1
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .	1
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .	1
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .	0
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	1
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	1
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .	1
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	1
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	1
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	1
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	0
one of the best , most understated performances of -lrb- jack nicholson 's -rrb- career .	1
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	0
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	0
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	0
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	1
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .	0
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
disturbing and brilliant documentary .	1
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	1
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	1
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .	0
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	0
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .	1
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	0
-lrb- i -rrb- f you 've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you 've already seen this kind of thing .	0
an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives .	1
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .	0
it 's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .	0
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .	1
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .	1
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .	1
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .	0
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .	0
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .	0
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	1
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli .	1
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .	0
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .	0
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .	1
in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .	0
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '	0
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .	1
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .	0
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .	1
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .	1
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .	0
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .	1
i do n't think so .	0
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	0
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	0
the film has -lrb- its -rrb- moments , but they are few and far between .	0
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .	0
-lrb- t -rrb- hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality does n't work in a modern context .	0
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .	0
we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .	1
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .	1
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	0
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	0
a taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .	1
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	1
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	0
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	1
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .	1
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .	0
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	0
sparse but oddly compelling .	1
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	1
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	0
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	1
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	0
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .	1
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	1
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	0
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz .	0
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .	0
i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .	0
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .	1
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	1
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .	0
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	1
a moving , if uneven , success .	1
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -lrb- aliens come to earth -rrb- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	1
inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .	1
intimate and panoramic .	1
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	0
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .	1
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .	0
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	0
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	0
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .	1
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	1
it 's sweet .	1
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	1
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .	1
one funny popcorn flick .	1
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	0
ken russell would love this .	1
the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	0
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it 's an eye-opener .	1
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .	0
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	1
it 's a masterpeice .	1
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .	1
it 's still worth a look .	1
thoroughly awful .	0
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .	0
if steven soderbergh 's ` solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .	1
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .	1
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	1
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .	1
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	1
a wry , affectionate delight .	1
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .	0
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	1
well-meant but unoriginal .	0
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	0
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	1
for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .	1
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '	1
a tour de force of modern cinema .	1
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .	0
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .	0
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	1
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .	1
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .	0
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .	0
the movie is a dud .	0
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	1
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	1
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs -lrb- including a knockout of a closing line -rrb- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	0
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .	0
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	0
it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	1
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .	1
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	1
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .	0
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .	1
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	1
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .	0
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .	0
this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .	0
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .	0
what an embarrassment .	0
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	1
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .	1
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .	0
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	0
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	1
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	0
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	1
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age .	0
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	1
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .	0
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .	0
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	1
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .	0
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .	0
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .	0
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	1
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	0
over and over again .	0
a noble failure .	0
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	0
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .	1
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?	0
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	1
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	1
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	0
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .	0
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades	0
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .	1
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	0
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	0
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	0
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . ''	0
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .	0
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	1
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .	0
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !	1
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .	1
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .	1
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .	1
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .	1
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	1
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1\/2 .	0
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	1
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '	0
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	0
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .	1
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	1
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .	1
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .	1
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .	0
formula 51 is so trite that even yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .	0
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .	0
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .	1
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .	0
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	0
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	0
who cares ? -rrb- .	0
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven .	0
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .	1
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	1
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .	1
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	1
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	0
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	0
aan opportunity wasted .	0
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .	0
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .	1
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	0
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .	1
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	1
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .	1
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	1
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .	0
hard to resist .	1
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick	1
a moving and important film .	1
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	0
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	0
some episodes work , some do n't .	0
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .	0
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	0
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .	0
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .	1
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .	1
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	0
and that makes all the difference .	1
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	0
this is carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .	1
not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' i once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .	0
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	1
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .	1
many a parent and their teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .	1
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ...	0
the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	1
`` an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ''	0
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	0
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	1
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	1
the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no. 1 , but falls apart long before the end .	0
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	0
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .	1
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .	0
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	1
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	0
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	1
pompous and garbled .	0
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	1
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .	1
so clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart .	0
but based on cq , i 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .	1
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing .	1
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .	0
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	0
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- better films .	0
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	0
good-naturedly cornball sequel .	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	1
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view .	1
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .	0
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .	1
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	0
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '	0
stress ` dumb . '	0
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .	0
renner 's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .	1
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .	1
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	0
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	0
if i spy were funny -lrb- enough -rrb- or exciting -lrb- enough -rrb- then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it 's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .	0
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .	1
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .	1
maud and roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .	1
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	0
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .	0
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	1
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .	1
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan 's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .	0
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	0
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .	0
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	1
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	1
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .	1
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort	0
no , i hate it .	0
writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .	1
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .	0
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	1
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .	1
simplistic , silly and tedious .	0
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .	1
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	0
certainly the performances are worthwhile .	1
and when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .	0
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	1
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	0
focuses on joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .	0
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .	1
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	1
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .	0
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	0
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	0
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .	0
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .	1
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .	1
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	0
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	1
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	1
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience .	1
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	0
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	0
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .	0
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct -lrb- `` laissez-passer '' -rrb- wears its heart on its sleeve .	1
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .	0
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable	0
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	1
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .	0
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	0
let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .	0
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	0
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	0
funny and touching .	1
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .	0
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	0
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .	1
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .	1
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .	1
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan 's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true .	1
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	0
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	1
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	0
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .	0
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space .	0
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	0
occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .	1
instead of trying to bust some blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	0
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .	1
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	1
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	0
there 's plenty of style in guillermo del toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .	0
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	0
it 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .	1
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .	0
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .	1
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	1
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .	1
lanie 's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and does n't know how to have fun .	0
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .	0
a stylish thriller .	1
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .	1
neatly constructed thriller .	1
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .	1
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .	1
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .	1
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .	0
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad .	1
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .	0
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .	0
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .	1
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	1
should have been someone else -	0
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	1
it 's uninteresting .	0
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	0
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .	1
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	0
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .	1
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	0
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	1
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	0
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	0
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .	1
it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	0
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .	0
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	0
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .	0
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .	0
as unseemly as its title suggests .	1
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .	0
why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson ... and puke up something like rose red ?	0
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.	0
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	0
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .	0
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .	1
tells a fascinating , compelling story .	1
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	0
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .	0
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .	1
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	1
his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...	1
late marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u.s. viewers off their feet .	0
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	0
charles ' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .	1
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .	0
thumbs down .	0
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	0
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears .	0
here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .	1
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .	1
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	1
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	0
as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .	0
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .	1
a film of quiet power .	1
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .	1
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .	1
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	0
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	0
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .	1
a crisp psychological drama -lrb- and -rrb- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode .	1
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz .	1
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .	0
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !	1
mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .	1
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply	0
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	1
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	0
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .	1
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	0
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	0
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .	1
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -lrb- yet unsentimental -rrb- touch .	1
a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .	1
the cold turkey would 've been a far better title .	0
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	1
extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .	0
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .	1
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .	1
nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .	1
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .	1
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	1
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .	1
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .	1
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .	1
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	1
stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .	1
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .	1
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	1
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	1
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .	0
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	1
the film has several strong performances .	1
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .	1
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	0
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	0
a superbly acted and funny\/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .	1
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .	1
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .	1
being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .	0
it 's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .	1
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	0
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '	0
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	0
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .	1
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .	1
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	1
some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .	0
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .	1
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .	1
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola 's inadequate performance .	0
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .	1
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .	0
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	0
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	1
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	0
black-and-white and unrealistic .	0
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .	0
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .	0
ecks this one off your must-see list .	0
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .	0
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .	0
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies .	0
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	0
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .	1
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .	1
the film 's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard ...	1
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .	1
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .	0
uneven but a lot of fun .	1
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	0
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .	0
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	1
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .	0
murder by numbers just does n't add up .	0
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .	1
not just unlikable .	0
egoyan 's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .	0
a true-blue delight .	1
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .	1
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .	0
` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '	1
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 .	0
his -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .	0
fails to bring as much to the table .	0
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	0
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	1
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .	0
japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .	1
the film is one of the year 's best .	1
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -lrb- crane -rrb- becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .	0
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	0
ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` what 's the point ? '	0
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	0
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	0
it deserves to be seen everywhere .	1
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .	0
it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .	1
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	1
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .	0
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .	0
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .	0
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .	1
good film , but very glum .	1
a tough go , but leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film 's often-mined and despairing milieu .	1
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .	1
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	1
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	1
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	0
the new guy does have a heart .	1
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .	0
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .	0
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ?	0
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	1
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .	1
the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .	1
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .	1
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .	1
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	0
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .	0
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .	0
extremely bad .	0
a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .	0
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .	0
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	1
bon appétit !	1
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	1
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .	1
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .	1
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -lrb- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -rrb- , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .	1
-lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .	1
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	0
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .	1
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .	1
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .	1
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	1
it 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .	0
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	1
the movie is a mess from start to finish .	0
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners .	1
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies .	0
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...	1
broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .	1
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''	1
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	0
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .	0
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .	1
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .	0
decent but dull .	0
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding .	1
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .	0
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .	1
often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .	1
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .	1
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .	0
the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .	1
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	1
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us	0
good actress .	1
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	0
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .	1
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	1
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	0
this dubious product of a college-spawned -lrb- colgate u. -rrb- comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .	0
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .	0
but it is entertaining on an inferior level .	1
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .	0
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	1
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	1
this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .	1
the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .	1
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 .	1
australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .	1
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	0
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	0
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .	1
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .	1
an almost unbearably morbid love story .	0
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .	1
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	1
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb- .	0
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting -lrb- and funnier -rrb- than his .	0
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .	1
it 's always enthralling .	1
in all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .	0
what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .	0
passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .	0
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .	0
staggeringly dreadful romance .	0
has a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .	0
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	0
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .	1
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible	0
any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .	0
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	1
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	1
a sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .	1
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .	1
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .	0
bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .	1
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .	0
it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .	1
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .	1
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .	1
superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .	1
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants ' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .	0
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson .	0
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .	0
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	0
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	0
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .	0
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	0
the gags are often a stitch .	1
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .	1
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .	1
lovely and poignant .	1
mediocre fable from burkina faso .	0
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	1
an awful snooze .	0
we need -lrb- moore 's -rrb- noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .	1
the movie gets muted and routine .	0
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	0
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	0
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	1
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	0
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	0
it 's fun lite .	1
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .	1
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	0
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	0
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .	0
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	0
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .	0
slick piece of cross-promotion .	1
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .	0
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .	1
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	0
you do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .	1
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	1
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	1
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	0
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .	0
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	1
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	0
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	0
... a light , yet engrossing piece .	1
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	0
after making several adaptations of other writers ' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .	1
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	1
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .	1
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	1
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .	1
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .	0
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	1
... very funny , very enjoyable ...	1
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	1
still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .	0
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .	0
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	0
it is also , at times , curiously moving .	1
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .	1
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .	0
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .	0
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	0
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder	0
but that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .	0
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	1
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	0
all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure .	0
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there .	0
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '	1
rosenthal -lrb- halloween ii -rrb- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	0
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class .	0
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .	1
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	1
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .	0
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .	0
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	0
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .	1
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	0
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	0
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	1
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .	0
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	1
kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .	0
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .	1
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	0
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power .	1
nice piece of work .	1
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	1
a joyous occasion	1
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .	1
the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .	0
surprisingly insightful	1
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	1
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .	0
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .	0
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses -lrb- and one academy award winning actor -rrb- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .	0
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .	1
and it is .	1
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	0
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .	1
too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .	1
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .	0
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here .	1
oddly compelling .	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	1
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .	1
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .	0
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .	1
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .	1
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .	1
a classy , sprightly spin on film .	1
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .	0
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	0
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .	0
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .	1
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	0
... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .	0
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	0
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?	1
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	0
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts	1
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .	0
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .	0
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .	0
together -lrb- time out and human resources -rrb- establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	1
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?	0
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .	1
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	1
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	1
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .	1
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song .	0
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''	0
a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .	1
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	0
very well-written and very well-acted .	1
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .	0
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	0
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	0
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .	0
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .	1
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .	0
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .	0
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .	1
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .	0
they cheapen the overall effect .	0
must be seen to be believed .	1
how inept is serving sara ?	0
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .	1
watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains off the hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .	1
a riveting documentary .	1
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .	0
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	0
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	1
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .	0
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum .	0
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals ` red dragon ' right from under their noses .	1
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .	0
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .	0
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	0
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	0
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	0
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	1
ararat feels like a book report	0
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .	0
it 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .	0
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .	1
this movie is maddening .	0
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ?	0
as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .	0
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .	1
the audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	0
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .	1
... a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .	0
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .	1
or emptying rat traps .	0
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .	0
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .	1
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	1
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	0
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	1
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .	1
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .	1
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	1
it 's just a silly black genre spoof .	0
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .	1
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	0
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	1
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .	0
an action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	1
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	0
it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .	1
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .	0
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	1
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .	0
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .	1
it 's hard not to be seduced by -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .	1
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack .	1
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .	0
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
zoom !	1
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	1
his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .	0
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .	0
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	1
a very funny movie .	1
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .	1
we do n't even like their characters .	0
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .	1
it 's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous full frontal .	1
a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .	0
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	1
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound .	1
instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	0
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .	1
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	0
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .	1
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	1
my thoughts were focused on the characters .	1
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .	0
-lrb- dong -rrb- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .	1
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	0
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	0
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema	1
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .	1
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	0
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''	1
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .	0
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .	1
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .	1
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .	1
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	0
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	1
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	1
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .	0
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	1
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .	0
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	1
a pleasant romantic comedy .	1
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	1
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .	1
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .	0
it 's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .	1
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	1
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	1
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad .	1
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	1
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	1
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	1
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .	1
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	0
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .	0
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	1
watching trouble every day , at least if you do n't know what 's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .	0
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	1
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .	1
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	1
this time mr. burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .	0
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .	1
a perceptive , good-natured movie .	1
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .	0
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	1
it 's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .	1
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .	0
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	0
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .	1
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	1
see it .	1
just dreadful .	0
there 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .	1
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	1
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .	1
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	1
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	0
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	1
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .	0
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	0
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .	1
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	0
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	1
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .	0
complex , affecting and uniquely almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .	1
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .	1
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .	1
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .	1
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	0
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	1
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars	1
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	1
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .	0
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .	1
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	1
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .	0
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .	1
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .	1
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .	1
it 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .	0
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .	0
something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	0
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	0
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .	1
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	0
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	0
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .	1
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	1
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .	1
life is a crock -- or something like it .	0
a thought-provoking picture .	1
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .	0
makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .	1
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .	0
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .	1
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...	1
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .	1
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .	1
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .	0
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	1
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	0
many insightful moments .	1
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .	1
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .	1
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	0
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .	1
this is one of the year 's best films .	1
showtime is closer to slowtime .	0
a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .	1
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	0
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	0
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	0
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	0
by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	0
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .	0
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	0
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .	0
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .	1
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes	0
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .	1
... stale and uninspired .	0
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	0
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	0
sly , sophisticated and surprising .	1
national lampoon 's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion	0
-lrb- soderbergh -rrb- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	0
a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .	1
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .	1
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .	0
it 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- stale retread of the '53 original .	0
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .	1
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .	1
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .	1
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .	1
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job ...	0
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .	0
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .	1
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	1
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .	1
it labours as storytelling .	0
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .	1
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	0
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .	1
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	0
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .	1
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .	1
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .	0
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	0
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	1
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents	0
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	0
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls .	0
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .	0
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .	1
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .	1
-lrb- moore 's -rrb- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .	0
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .	0
extremely confusing .	0
i hate this movie	0
uncertain in tone ... a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things .	0
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .	0
cho 's timing is priceless .	1
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	0
the film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .	0
a sense of real magic , perhaps .	1
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .	1
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .	0
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	1
the master of disguise is awful .	0
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .	1
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .	1
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best	1
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .	0
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	1
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .	1
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	0
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	1
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .	1
visually striking and viscerally repellent .	1
a tender , heartfelt family drama .	1
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 -lrb- k -rrb- statement .	0
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...	1
a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it 's sort of true and it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through .	0
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .	0
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .	1
a tremendous piece of work .	1
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .	1
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .	1
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	0
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .	0
merely -lrb- and literally -rrb- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	0
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .	1
nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .	0
on the right track to something that 's creepy and effective ... it 's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there .	0
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	1
two hours of junk .	0
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .	0
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .	1
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	0
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .	0
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	0
phoned-in business as usual .	0
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	0
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	0
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?	1
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	0
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that 's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing .	0
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	0
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	1
quite funny for the type of movie it is ...	1
noyce has worked wonders with the material .	1
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	1
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	1
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .	1
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .	1
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	0
harrison 's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .	1
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	1
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	1
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .	1
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	0
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .	1
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	0
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .	0
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .	1
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .	0
this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	1
execrable .	0
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	1
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . '	0
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	1
the movie bounces all over the map .	0
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .	1
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .	0
-lrb- has -rrb- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .	1
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .	0
he drags it back , single-handed .	1
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .	0
the film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .	1
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .	0
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .	0
it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	1
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth .	1
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	0
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	0
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	0
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .	1
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	1
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	0
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .	0
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	0
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	1
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .	1
as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .	1
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie .	0
it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	0
but here 's a movie about it anyway .	0
the story ... is moldy and obvious .	0
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .	1
it is a likable story , told with competence .	1
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	0
it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .	0
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .	1
... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .	0
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	0
george clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he 's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind .	1
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	1
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash .	0
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	0
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	0
it 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .	1
deserving of its critical backlash and more .	0
a bravura exercise in emptiness .	0
that 's pure pr hype .	0
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .	0
a french film with a more down-home flavor .	1
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	1
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	0
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .	0
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .	1
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .	0
-lrb- johnnie to and wai ka fai are -rrb- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .	0
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	0
... ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .	1
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	1
-lrb- davis -rrb- has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .	1
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento -lrb- a producer here -rrb- , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .	1
in fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .	1
the overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .	0
you 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .	1
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	1
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .	0
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .	1
the pianist -lrb- is -rrb- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .	1
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	1
the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .	0
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	1
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	0
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .	1
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american -lrb- and an america -rrb- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	1
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	1
exciting and well-paced .	1
drowning 's too good for this sucker .	0
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .	1
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era	1
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .	1
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .	1
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .	1
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .	0
the film can depress you about life itself .	0
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	0
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .	0
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .	1
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .	0
it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .	1
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin 's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison .	0
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	0
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens .	0
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .	1
-lrb- caine -rrb- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	1
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .	0
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .	0
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	0
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .	1
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	1
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	0
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	1
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .	0
amazingly lame .	0
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .	1
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .	1
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''	0
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	0
... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport	1
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	0
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?	0
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .	0
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .	0
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	0
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	1
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .	1
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .	0
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .	1
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	1
teen movies have really hit the skids .	0
a wildly funny prison caper .	1
their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i 'd hoped the movie would avoid .	0
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it .	0
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .	0
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	0
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .	1
anchored by friel and williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .	1
an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar -lrb- and peculiarly venomous -rrb- bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy	1
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	1
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .	0
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...	1
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .	1
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	1
... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .	0
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette 's dialogue .	1
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .	0
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .	1
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	0
intriguing and downright intoxicating .	1
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	1
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .	0
even when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .	1
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .	0
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	0
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	0
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .	1
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	1
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .	1
this idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .	0
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another ` spectacular spectacle . '	1
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	1
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .	0
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	1
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .	0
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	1
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .	0
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	1
an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .	1
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor .	0
-lrb- l -rrb- ame and unnecessary .	0
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	1
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	1
i enjoyed the ride -lrb- bumps and all -rrb- , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .	1
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter .	0
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has .	0
it treats women like idiots .	0
terminally brain dead production .	0
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	1
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .	0
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .	1
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .	1
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .	1
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	1
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	0
too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , david arquette .	0
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -lrb- franco -rrb- has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	0
somewhat blurred , but kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .	1
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .	1
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .	1
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .	0
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	1
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .	0
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .	1
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	0
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .	1
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .	1
it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	1
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	1
for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .	0
hey , who else needs a shower ?	0
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .	1
none of this violates the letter of behan 's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .	0
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest .	1
not exactly the bees knees	0
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	1
by-the-numbers yarn .	0
seems like someone going through the motions .	0
he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	0
two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .	1
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	1
the son 's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .	1
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .	0
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .	1
a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not .	0
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .	1
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	0
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .	1
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .	1
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .	1
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	1
it confirms fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .	1
i admired this work a lot .	1
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .	1
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .	1
could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ?	0
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .	1
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	1
while undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr. hill higher than he 's been in a while .	1
this is n't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend .	1
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	0
if you dig on david mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !	1
fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .	1
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .	0
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .	0
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .	1
-lrb- t -rrb- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	0
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .	0
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	1
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .	1
-lrb- w -rrb- hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall 's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .	0
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	0
no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either .	0
the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	1
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .	0
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	0
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	1
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .	0
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	0
never comes together as a coherent whole .	0
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	1
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .	1
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .	1
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	1
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	0
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .	0
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	0
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .	1
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .	0
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .	1
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	1
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .	1
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	0
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .	0
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever .	0
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .	1
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	0
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	1
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .	1
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	0
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb	1
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	1
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .	1
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .	1
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .	0
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .	0
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	1
low rent from frame one .	0
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .	1
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -	1
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .	1
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '	1
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .	0
arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .	0
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .	0
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	1
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .	0
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .	1
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .	1
there 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .	1
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .	1
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -lrb- and its makers ' -rrb- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .	1
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .	1
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .	0
no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .	0
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	0
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	0
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	1
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	1
but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .	1
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .	1
` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	0
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .	0
the production values are up there .	1
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	1
a little too pat for its own good .	0
-lrb- grant -rrb- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .	1
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .	1
denis and co-writer michele petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .	1
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive .	0
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer	1
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .	1
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .	0
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	1
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .	1
darkly funny and frequently insightful .	1
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .	1
odd and weird .	0
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	0
director andrew niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .	1
-lrb- swimfan -rrb- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .	0
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	0
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .	1
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .	0
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .	1
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	1
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	0
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .	1
vulgar is too optimistic a title .	0
a negligible british comedy .	0
psychologically savvy .	1
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .	1
-lrb- barry -rrb- gives assassin a disquieting authority .	1
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue .	1
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -lrb- this -rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .	0
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .	1
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .	0
uplifting , funny and wise .	1
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .	0
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	1
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .	1
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following .	0
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	0
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .	1
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	1
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	0
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .	1
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	0
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .	1
brave and sweetly rendered love story .	1
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	0
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	0
the movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .	0
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	1
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .	0
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .	1
a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .	1
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	0
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	0
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	0
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	0
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	0
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .	0
try as i may , i ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` thank you ! '	0
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .	1
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	0
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .	0
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .	1
now it 's just tired .	0
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	0
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	0
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	0
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .	1
a potent allegorical love story .	1
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .	1
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	1
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	1
-lrb- carvey 's -rrb- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .	0
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	0
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	0
a fifty car pileup of cliches .	0
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	0
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	0
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .	0
writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .	1
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	0
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .	1
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .	0
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	0
its director 's most substantial feature for some time .	1
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	0
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .	0
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .	1
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .	1
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	1
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	1
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .	0
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .	0
but even a hero can stumble sometimes .	0
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .	1
without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .	1
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .	1
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .	1
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .	0
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	1
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .	1
it 's still terrible !	0
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	0
i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow .	1
and yet , it still works .	1
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .	0
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .	1
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	1
may be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .	1
oscar wilde 's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century .	1
it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .	0
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	1
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .	1
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	0
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...	1
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .	1
-lrb- while the last metro -rrb- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .	1
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .	1
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .	1
this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .	1
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .	1
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .	1
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	1
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .	1
all in all , a great party .	1
horrible .	0
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	0
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	0
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video\/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .	0
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .	1
cold , nervy and memorable .	1
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .	1
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .	1
more tiring than anything .	0
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '	0
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	1
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...	1
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .	1
feels less like a change in -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	0
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	0
it 's a demented kitsch mess -lrb- although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative -rrb- , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .	1
one lousy movie .	0
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	1
flat , misguided comedy .	0
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	0
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	0
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	0
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .	1
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	1
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	0
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .	1
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan 's heroes star bob crane .	1
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	0
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	0
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .	1
son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .	0
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .	1
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	0
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .	1
thanks to scott 's charismatic roger and eisenberg 's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .	1
the characters never change .	0
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .	1
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	1
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	1
co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	0
the thrill is -lrb- long -rrb- gone .	0
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .	1
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	0
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .	1
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .	0
it 's that painful .	0
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .	0
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .	1
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?	0
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .	0
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .	0
-lrb- denis ' -rrb- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .	0
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want .	1
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	1
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	0
something for everyone .	1
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	0
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	0
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .	1
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .	0
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .	1
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	0
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey 's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .	0
even die-hard fans of japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .	0
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	0
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .	1
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	0
without -lrb- de niro -rrb- , city by the sea would slip under the waves .	0
the biggest problem i have -lrb- other than the very sluggish pace -rrb- is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .	0
another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .	0
good movie .	1
an engaging overview of johnson 's eccentric career .	1
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .	1
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .	0
nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .	0
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .	1
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .	1
an intoxicating experience .	1
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .	1
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	0
combines improbable melodrama -lrb- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -rrb- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .	1
... one resurrection too many .	0
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .	1
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	0
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .	0
a winning and wildly fascinating work .	1
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .	1
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .	0
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	0
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .	0
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .	1
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	1
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .	0
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	1
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	1
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .	1
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is -lrb- cattaneo -rrb- sophomore slump .	0
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	1
an impressive hybrid .	1
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .	1
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	1
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .	0
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	0
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .	1
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .	1
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	0
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -lrb- denis ' -rrb- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	0
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .	1
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms. vardalos ' memories and insights .	1
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	1
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	1
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -lrb- the characters ' -rrb- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	0
but it 's worth the concentration .	1
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .	0
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected -lrb- and gentle -rrb- way .	1
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .	1
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	1
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .	1
formuliac , but fun .	1
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	0
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	0
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	1
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .	1
lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .	1
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	0
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	1
an impeccable study in perversity .	1
what i saw , i enjoyed .	1
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...	1
`` mostly martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .	1
and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	1
the film 's real appeal wo n't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .	1
a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .	1
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	1
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .	1
it 's laughing at us .	0
i 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes .	0
every note rings false .	0
it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash	1
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	1
when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .	1
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .	1
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	0
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .	0
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .	0
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	0
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	0
that works .	1
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .	1
as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled -lrb- literally and figuratively -rrb- by desire ... -lrb- sex and lucía -rrb- makes for an arousing good time .	1
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	0
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .	0
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	0
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	1
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	0
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .	1
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .	0
ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .	1
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .	0
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	1
does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .	0
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -lrb- and better -rrb- than most films with this theme .	1
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .	0
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?	0
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .	1
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .	0
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	1
mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .	0
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	0
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .	1
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .	0
may prove to be -lrb- tsai 's -rrb- masterpiece .	1
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	1
while the transgressive trappings -lrb- especially the frank sex scenes -rrb- ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	0
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	1
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	0
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	1
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .	0
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .	1
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	0
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	0
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	1
rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .	1
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -lrb- harris -rrb- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .	1
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .	0
goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .	1
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .	1
kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .	1
woefully pretentious .	0
it 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .	1
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .	0
almost peerlessly unsettling .	0
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	1
when a film is created solely because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .	0
... an interesting slice of history .	1
enigma lacks it .	0
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .	0
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .	1
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .	1
a wonderful , ghastly film .	1
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .	0
the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .	1
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	1
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .	1
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	1
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .	1
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .	1
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	1
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- mess .	0
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	1
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	0
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .	0
if you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at britney spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .	0
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	0
one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .	0
the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .	0
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .	1
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .	1
... a solid , unassuming drama .	1
it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .	0
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .	0
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	0
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .	0
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	1
it can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .	0
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .	0
as -lrb- the characters -rrb- get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .	0
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	0
-lrb- it 's -rrb- a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .	0
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard -lrb- which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog -rrb- is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .	0
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	0
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	0
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	1
it 's a buggy drag .	0
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	0
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .	1
leigh makes these lives count .	1
children may not understand everything that happens -- i 'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .	1
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .	0
worth watching for dong jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .	1
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .	1
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	1
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .	1
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	1
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .	0
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press	1
... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .	1
there 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .	1
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .	1
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .	0
the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .	1
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	1
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .	1
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	0
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	1
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	1
ranks among willams ' best screen work .	1
i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .	0
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?	0
the closest thing to the experience of space travel	1
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !	1
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	0
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .	1
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai -lrb- of all places -rrb- served jews who escaped the holocaust .	1
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance	1
evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .	1
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !	1
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .	1
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	1
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .	0
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .	1
cq 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .	1
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	0
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .	0
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .	0
... a roller-coaster ride of a movie	1
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	1
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	1
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	1
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .	1
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .	1
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .	1
one regards reign of fire with awe .	1
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?	0
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film	1
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	1
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	0
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .	0
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	0
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters	1
this is n't a `` friday '' worth waiting for .	0
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .	1
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	0
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	0
it 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .	1
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .	1
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .	1
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .	1
a cockeyed shot all the way .	0
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	0
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .	0
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	0
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .	1
do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .	0
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	1
if you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .	1
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .	0
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .	0
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	0
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .	1
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .	1
i loved the look of this film .	1
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .	0
a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python 's meaning of life .	1
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	0
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ?	0
it might be tempting to regard mr. andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr. earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .	1
it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	1
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	0
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .	0
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .	0
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?	0
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	0
it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf .	0
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	1
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .	1
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	0
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .	0
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	1
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .	1
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .	0
what -lrb- frei -rrb- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .	1
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	1
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .	1
paul cox needed to show it .	0
it 's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro .	1
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	1
it represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .	1
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	1
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	1
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original	1
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork .	0
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	1
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .	0
... hypnotically dull .	0
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	1
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .	1
a stirring road movie .	1
like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .	0
an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .	1
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .	1
... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .	1
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .	1
reggio 's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad .	0
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	1
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	1
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	0
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	1
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .	1
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .	0
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	1
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	0
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .	0
an extraordinary dramatic experience .	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .	1
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	0
it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''	0
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -lrb- ahola -rrb- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	0
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .	0
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .	1
-lrb- seagal 's -rrb- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's razzie .	0
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .	1
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .	0
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	0
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .	1
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .	1
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	1
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .	1
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .	0
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .	1
holden caulfield did it better .	0
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	1
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	0
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	0
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	1
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	1
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	1
-lrb- director -rrb- byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .	0
-lrb- fincher 's -rrb- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .	1
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .	1
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	0
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .	0
it 's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance .	1
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .	1
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	0
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .	0
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .	0
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	0
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...	0
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .	0
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	0
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	0
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .	1
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .	1
once -lrb- kim -rrb- begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .	0
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .	0
what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	1
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	0
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	1
a small movie with a big impact .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- poorly executed comedy .	0
undercover brother does n't go far enough .	0
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	0
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .	0
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	0
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .	0
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .	0
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .	1
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	1
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .	1
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	0
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	1
obvious .	0
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .	0
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .	1
do n't even bother to rent this on video .	0
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .	0
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .	0
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .	1
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender .	1
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .	0
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	0
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	1
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	0
a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '	1
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .	1
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	1
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .	1
a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation .	1
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .	1
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .	0
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .	1
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '	0
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .	1
her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .	0
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	1
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	1
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .	0
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .	0
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .	1
acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes `` never again '' worthwhile , but -lrb- writer\/director -rrb- schaeffer should follow his titular advice	0
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	1
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	0
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .	0
it 's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing -- i 'm prepared to call it a draw .	0
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	1
the movie is without intent .	0
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	0
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	1
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?	0
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .	1
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .	0
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .	0
rewarding .	1
` this movie sucks . '	0
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	0
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .	0
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .	1
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	0
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi .	0
it 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family .	1
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	0
the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .	1
... just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .	0
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	0
haneke 's script -lrb- from elfriede jelinek 's novel -rrb- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	0
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	1
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	1
this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .	1
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	0
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	0
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '	0
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .	0
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners .	1
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .	1
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24\/7 .	0
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .	0
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...	1
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	0
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .	0
it 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .	1
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .	1
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .	1
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .	1
how do you spell cliché ?	0
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	1
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .	1
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .	1
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .	1
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	1
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	0
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	1
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .	0
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .	1
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	1
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	0
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	1
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	0
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .	0
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	0
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	0
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	0
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` lovely !	1
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .	1
a big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .	1
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	1
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard .	0
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .	1
one of the worst movies of the year .	0
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	1
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	1
... really horrible drek .	0
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you 're in trouble .	0
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .	0
a serious movie with serious ideas .	1
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	0
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .	1
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .	1
the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there 's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction .	0
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .	0
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	1
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .	1
-lrb- janey -rrb- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	0
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	1
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .	0
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .	1
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .	1
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	1
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .	1
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .	0
the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc. .	0
the film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .	0
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '	1
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	0
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .	1
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .	1
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	0
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .	0
everyone 's to blame here .	0
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	0
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .	0
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	0
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	1
i do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .	0
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	1
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	0
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .	1
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments -lrb- including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether -rrb- .	0
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .	1
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .	1
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .	1
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	1
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .	1
what results is the best performance from either in years .	1
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .	1
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	0
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .	0
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women .	0
in this case zero .	0
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	0
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	0
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .	1
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .	0
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .	1
the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .	1
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .	1
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	1
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .	0
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	0
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	1
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .	1
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	1
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .	1
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .	0
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .	1
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre	1
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it .	0
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	0
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .	1
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .	1
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	1
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	1
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''	1
here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .	1
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	1
shadyac shoots his film like an m. night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .	0
works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .	1
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	0
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .	1
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema .	1
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .	1
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .	0
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	0
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .	0
the komediant is a tale worth catching .	1
a slick , engrossing melodrama .	1
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .	1
for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .	1
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	0
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	0
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots .	0
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	1
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .	0
it 's one long bore .	0
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul .	1
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	1
day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs .	1
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .	1
-lrb- serry -rrb- wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .	1
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .	0
all mood and no movie .	0
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	1
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire .	0
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	0
it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .	1
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	0
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .	0
it will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .	1
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .	1
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .	0
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .	0
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .	1
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	1
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .	0
often hilarious .	1
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	0
if you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	1
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .	0
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	1
it 's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .	1
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .	0
wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .	0
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	0
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek 's novel by some way .	0
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .	0
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	1
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .	1
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	1
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	1
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party .	0
a worthwhile way to spend two hours .	1
it is also beautifully acted .	1
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	0
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .	1
tends to plod .	0
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	0
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	0
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .	0
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	1
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent 's days	1
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	0
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -lrb- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -rrb- .	0
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .	0
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	0
for me , this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings .	0
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .	1
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .	1
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .	0
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .	1
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .	1
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .	1
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	0
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	1
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	0
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .	0
where last time jokes flowed out of cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .	0
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they 're presented with a wry dark humor .	1
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	0
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .	1
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .	0
velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .	0
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	1
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	1
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	0
... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	0
the comedy is nonexistent .	0
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .	0
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	1
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	0
when -lrb- de palma 's -rrb- bad , he 's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .	0
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	1
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	0
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	1
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	0
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is .	1
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .	0
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	1
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .	1
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	1
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original .	0
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .	0
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .	1
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	0
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	0
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	0
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .	1
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	1
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .	0
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	1
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .	1
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .	1
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .	0
this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film 's producers would be in the clink for life .	0
run for your lives !	0
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	1
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era	0
here 's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .	1
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	1
there is truth here	1
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... -lrb- the film -rrb- addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .	1
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .	0
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achievement does n't match his ambition .	0
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	1
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .	1
what 's next ?	1
yet the act is still charming here .	1
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .	1
in fact , it 's quite fun in places .	1
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	1
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	0
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...	0
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	0
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .	1
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .	0
morton deserves an oscar nomination .	1
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .	1
extremely boring .	0
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .	1
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -lrb- or turntablism -rrb- in particular .	1
just because it really happened to you , honey , does n't mean that it 's interesting to anyone else .	0
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .	0
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	1
most new movies have a bright sheen .	1
lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	1
its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?	0
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	0
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	0
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	0
gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !	1
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	1
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .	0
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	0
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	0
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	0
its sheer dynamism is infectious .	1
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .	1
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	0
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .	0
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	1
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...	1
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .	0
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	1
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	1
tom green just gives them a bad odor .	0
this action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	0
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	1
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .	1
twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone .	1
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	0
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .	1
a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground	0
lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances	1
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .	0
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .	1
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .	1
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .	0
this overproduced and generally disappointing effort is n't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd .	0
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works .	1
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .	1
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .	1
lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel .	0
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .	1
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .	0
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	0
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .	0
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	0
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .	1
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .	1
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	0
very stupid and annoying .	0
the thing just never gets off the ground .	0
there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .	1
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .	1
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	1
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	0
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .	0
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	0
` what 's the russian word for wow !? '	1
a muted freak-out	0
there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	1
