document	label
Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .	3
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	5
Who was the first person to study the stars ?	3
What is LMDS ?	2
What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?	3
What is a fear of cholera ?	1
Where are there aborigines ?	4
What is the fear of the computer called ?	1
Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?	4
What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?	5
What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?	1
What is the dot on an the letter i called ?	1
How fast does the fastest car go ?	5
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?	1
In what part of the world is Mozambique ?	4
What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?	3
What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?	4
What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?	0
What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?	3
What is her profession ?	3
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?	1
What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?	1
What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?	4
What country was Kim Philby really working for ?	4
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?	1
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	5
What ice creams contain seaweed ?	1
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?	0
What city has the world 's longest subway system ?	4
Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?	3
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?	3
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	4
What is the population of Kansas ?	5
What is DEET ?	2
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?	1
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?	4
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?	3
What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?	1
When was Florida admitted into the Union ?	5
How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?	5
What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?	5
What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?	1
What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?	2
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?	0
What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?	4
What is D.B. Cooper known for ?	0
In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?	1
What was George Washington afraid of ?	1
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?	4
When was the Big Thompson flood ?	5
What is Smartnet ?	0
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?	4
What is it like to experience a near death episode ?	0
What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?	4
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?	5
Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?	3
Where was George Washington born ?	4
When was child labor abolished ?	5
What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?	1
Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?	3
Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?	3
Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?	3
What is the highest Roman numeral ?	0
Who discovered x-rays ?	3
What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?	3
Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?	3
What are chloroplasts ?	0
What color is a giraffe 's tongue ?	1
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?	1
What is the function of the appendix ?	0
What do most tourists visit in Reims ?	4
Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?	3
How much does the President get paid ?	5
What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?	1
How many web servers are there ?	5
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?	3
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?	4
What is another name for vitamin B1 ?	1
In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?	4
Why do some people have two different color eyes ?	0
How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?	0
What is the abbreviation for Texas ?	2
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?	0
What color are tennis balls ?	1
Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?	3
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?	0
When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?	5
How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?	5
What is the softest part of the body ?	1
How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?	5
What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?	3
What year did WWII begin ?	5
How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?	0
What 's the capital of Taiwan ?	4
Where is the Valley of the Kings ?	4
What is the longest word in the English language ?	1
What is a transistor ?	0
In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?	4
Who directed Citizen Kane ?	3
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?	3
What 's the term for a young fox ?	1
Which country has the most water pollution ?	4
Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?	3
What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?	1
What is the name given to a group of geese ?	1
What money was used by them ?	1
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?	3
How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?	5
Why is the grass green ?	0
When was the Parthenon built ?	5
What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?	4
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?	1
Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?	3
What color is Chablis ?	1
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?	4
What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?	1
When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?	5
What breed of hunting dog did the Beverly Hillbillies own ?	1
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?	1
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?	5
How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?	0
Where is Romania located ?	4
How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	5
What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?	1
Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?	0
What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?	0
How many liters in a gallon ?	5
What is film noir ?	0
What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?	3
Who invented panties ?	3
What is the most common eye color ?	1
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?	5
Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?	3
Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?	4
What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?	1
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?	5
When did Elvis Presley die ?	5
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	2
Aspartame is also known as what ?	1
What two baseball players make up the battery ?	3
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?	3
What is the most popular sport in Japan ?	1
What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?	1
What is the temperature of the sun 's surface ?	5
What is RAM in the computer ?	2
What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?	1
What is the most frequently spoken language in the Netherlands ?	1
What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?	3
Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .	1
Who wrote Brave New World ?	3
What bird can swim but can 't fly ?	1
When is Bastille Day ?	5
Who was the first American to walk in space ?	3
Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?	3
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?	3
Where can I find information on George Bush ?	4
Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?	3
What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?	1
What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?	5
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?	5
Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?	4
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?	1
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?	4
Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?	3
What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?	1
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?	4
What is the elevation of St. Louis , MO ?	5
How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?	5
What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?	4
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?	5
When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?	5
What is nuclear power ?	0
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?	0
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?	4
Who is the prime minister of Japan ?	3
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?	5
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?	0
What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	0
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?	0
What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?	4
What is Win Rah ?	0
What is the term for a group of geese ?	1
The U.S. Department of Treasury first issued paper currency for the U.S. during which war ?	1
What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?	2
What is the sales tax rate in New York ?	5
What is a fear of hell ?	1
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?	5
How far is London UK from California ?	5
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	4
What state has the least amount of rain per year ?	4
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?	5
What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?	0
What does camera-ready art mean ?	0
Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?	3
What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?	3
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?	2
What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?	1
What is the feudal system ?	0
What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?	0
What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?	4
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?	3
How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?	0
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?	5
What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?	1
In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?	0
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	3
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?	4
What is paracetamol ?	0
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?	0
Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?	3
What is an Angelus ?	0
When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?	5
Who made the rotary engine automobile ?	3
What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?	1
How tall is the Matterhorn ?	5
What is the meaning of the name Ella ?	0
What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	1
What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?	3
What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?	0
What is the gestation period for a cat ?	5
What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?	4
What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?	5
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?	0
What sport is played on the largest field ?	1
How were the days of the week named ?	0
Where did Howard Hughes die ?	4
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?	4
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?	0
What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?	4
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?	3
Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?	1
Who is Langston Hughes ?	3
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?	1
What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?	4
Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?	4
When did the vesuvius last erupt ?	5
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?	3
What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?	1
When was Lyndon B. Johnson born ?	5
How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?	0
What time of year do most people fly ?	5
What does a phobophobe fear ?	1
What baseball team was the first to make numbers part of their uniform ?	3
What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?	1
How many millimeters are in a mile ?	5
What does the name Kelly mean ?	0
Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?	3
For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?	0
What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?	1
What 's the world 's most common compound ?	1
What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?	0
When does the Bible say the seasons started ?	5
What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?	1
What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?	1
What is `` alternative '' anymore ?	0
Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?	4
What are the Baltic States ?	0
What is an aurora ?	0
What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?	3
How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?	0
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	5
What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?	1
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?	4
What household products are there for adult acne ?	1
What is the definition of cosmology ?	0
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?	5
Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?	3
What are the five basic swimming strokes ?	1
What does USPS stand for ?	2
What are the largest deserts in the world ?	4
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?	0
When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?	3
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	5
What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?	1
What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?	4
What two states is Washington D.C. between ?	4
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?	0
What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?	0
What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?	4
How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?	5
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?	3
What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?	5
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?	5
Who is the congressman from state of Texas on the armed forces committee ?	3
On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?	1
What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?	0
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?	3
What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?	0
What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?	1
How does a hydroelectric dam work ?	0
When was Algeria colonized ?	5
What is a hydrogen bond ?	0
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?	1
What is the brand name of daminozide ?	1
Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?	3
In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?	1
Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?	4
What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?	1
How many quarters equal a pound ?	5
What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?	3
Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?	3
What is office automation ?	0
What is fungus ?	0
What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?	0
Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .	3
Who was the president of Vichy France ?	3
What is a shaman ?	0
What 's the Red Planet ?	0
What is cryptography ?	0
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?	5
What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?	3
What is the longest-running television series ?	1
What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?	1
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?	3
What is the first book of the Old Testament ?	1
What is a Jake brake ?	0
When did the American Civil War end ?	5
What is e-commerce ?	0
How can you prevent it ?	0
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?	5
What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?	4
What is a nanometer ?	0
How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?	5
Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?	3
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?	3
What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?	1
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''	0
How long do hermit crabs live ?	5
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?	3
What good are mosquitoes ?	0
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	5
What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?	0
What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?	4
What animals do you find in the stock market ?	1
What happened to Answers.com ?	0
What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?	3
What is the first personal computer company ?	3
Who does data collection in tourism ?	3
Who discovered radium ?	3
What city does Orly Airport serve ?	4
How do cameras take pictures ?	0
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?	1
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?	3
Where did George of the Jungle live ?	4
How do I start a bank ?	0
How many people live in Tokyo ?	5
What does the term glory hole mean ?	0
How much was a ticket for the Titanic ?	5
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	3
What does the acronym CPR mean ?	2
What is the murder rate in Windsor , Ontario ?	5
Mississippi is nicknamed what ?	1
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?	3
What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?	1
What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?	1
Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?	3
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?	0
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?	1
Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?	3
Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?	3
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?	0
What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?	1
What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?	1
What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?	3
Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?	0
What is the federal minimum wage ?	5
What is literary criticism ?	0
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	5
How can I get started in writing for television ?	0
What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?	5
Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?	4
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?	4
What does MSG stand for ?	2
What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?	1
Who invented batteries ?	3
What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?	1
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?	5
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?	1
What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?	3
What are Aborigines ?	0
How do you match a name to a social security number ?	0
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?	3
What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?	0
What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?	1
Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?	3
How was the element calcium named ?	0
Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?	4
What are the first ten amendements passed ?	1
What causes rust ?	0
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?	3
Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?	3
What does a nihilist believe in ?	0
Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?	3
How many endangered species are there in the world ?	5
Where are zebras most likely found ?	4
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?	0
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?	5
What is hebephrenia ?	0
What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?	1
What can communications satellites offer yachts ?	1
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?	4
What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?	3
What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?	5
What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?	3
What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?	1
How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?	5
What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?	3
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?	3
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?	3
What did Edward Binney and Howard Smith invent in 1903 ?	1
What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?	1
What is the population of Mexico ?	5
How did Janice Joplin die ?	0
What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?	4
How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?	5
Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?	4
Where is the highest point in Japan ?	4
What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?	4
How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?	5
What famous comic strip character died of acne ?	3
Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?	3
Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?	4
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?	1
What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?	3
What is molybdenum ?	0
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?	4
What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?	4
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?	3
What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?	3
What is the origin of thank you notes ?	0
What does the donation process entail ?	0
What country has the highest arson rate ?	4
What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?	1
How do anti-locking brakes work ?	0
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?	3
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?	5
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?	4
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?	3
Where is the Holland Tunnel ?	4
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?	0
What is a person called that likes fire ?	3
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?	1
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?	3
How does a copier work ?	0
Madonna hocks which soft drink ?	1
When was the USSR dissolved ?	5
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	5
Why does it snow ?	0
What is the principal river of Ireland ?	4
What is cache memory ?	0
What French province is cognac produced in ?	4
How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?	5
What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?	1
What is the capital of Yugoslavia ?	4
What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?	3
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?	1
What is a carcinogen ?	0
What is neurology ?	0
How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?	5
What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?	1
What is the history of yo-yos ?	0
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?	4
What is the speed of light ?	5
About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?	5
Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?	1
Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?	3
Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?	3
Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''	1
What is the melting point of gold ?	5
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?	0
What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?	4
When was Christ born ?	5
Where in the United States do people live the longest ?	4
How far is a nautical mile ?	5
What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?	1
What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?	3
How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?	5
What color are school buses ?	1
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?	4
What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?	0
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?	5
What is `` snoogans '' ?	0
What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?	3
How did names come about ?	0
What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?	0
What is crabgrass ?	0
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?	5
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	5
What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?	5
What is chromatology ?	0
What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?	1
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?	0
What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?	0
What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?	1
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?	4
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?	3
Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?	4
What country 's capital is Tirana ?	4
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?	0
What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?	4
Who gave King Arthur the round table ?	3
What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	5
Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?	4
What is HDLC ?	2
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?	4
What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?	0
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?	3
What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?	5
What are all the different types of pizza ?	1
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?	0
What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?	4
Who was Buffalo Bill ?	3
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?	4
What does idle mean ?	0
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?	4
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?	3
What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?	1
What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?	1
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?	1
What is the longest major league baseball-winning streak ?	1
What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?	3
What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?	3
What does the name Gina mean ?	0
What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?	1
Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?	3
What is sonar ?	0
What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?	1
What does a philatelist collect ?	1
What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?	4
Who is the Queen of Holland ?	3
How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars	0
How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?	0
Where do hyenas live ?	4
What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?	1
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?	3
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?	5
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?	5
Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?	0
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?	5
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?	1
How do I write to my Congressman ?	0
What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?	3
What is a fear of food ?	1
Developing nations comprise what percentage of the world 's population ?	5
What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?	4
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?	3
What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?	1
What is a horologist ?	0
How do they produce vitamins ?	0
What U.S. state ends with a G ?	4
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?	0
What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?	4
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?	5
What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?	4
Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?	3
What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?	1
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?	1
Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?	3
Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?	3
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?	3
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?	0
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?	0
What is a tsunami ?	0
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?	4
What is the busiest air travel season ?	5
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?	5
What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?	3
What is a fear of cold ?	1
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?	4
How many questions are on this thing ?	5
What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?	1
How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?	5
When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?	5
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?	5
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?	5
What was W.C. Fields ' real name ?	3
What colors make up a rainbow ?	1
What 's the home of the Rockettes ?	4
What are Maid-Rites ?	0
What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?	4
What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?	4
What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	5
Where did marijuana come from ?	0
What date did Neil Armstrong land on the moon ?	5
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?	5
In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?	1
What is a `` False Moon '' ?	0
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?	1
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	1
Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?	3
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .	1
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?	0
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?	5
What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?	1
What is the difference between optical and digital video ?	0
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?	1
What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?	1
Why are haunted houses popular ?	0
Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?	4
What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?	3
What 's a Craps player called ?	1
Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy	4
How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?	5
Where is Los Vegas ?	4
What is cholesterol ?	0
Who was the first governor of Alaska ?	3
How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?	5
What 's the capital of Iowa ?	4
What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?	1
How do you make dumplings ?	0
Who is the richest person in the world ?	3
What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?	3
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?	1
What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?	3
How is bubble wrap made ?	0
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?	3
What is thalassemia ?	0
Where is your corpus callosum ?	4
Who invented the hula hoop ?	3
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?	4
Who was Darth Vader 's son ?	3
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?	0
Who is William Wordsworth ?	3
How much salt is in the oceans ?	5
What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?	3
What animal 's tail is called a brush ?	1
What does a defibrillator do ?	0
What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?	3
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?	1
What country owns Corsica ?	4
What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?	3
What is the birthstone for June ?	1
Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?	3
What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?	4
How does it make its colors ?	0
What is a fear of trees ?	1
What is the origin of infinity ?	0
Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?	3
What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?	5
Where are the 49 steps ?	4
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?	1
How many referees work a soccer game ?	5
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?	0
To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?	1
What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?	1
What are Bellworts ?	0
What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?	3
In what country is Lund ?	4
What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?	0
Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?	3
How many people in Tucson ?	5
Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?	3
Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?	4
Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?	3
What American composer wrote the music for `` West Side Story '' ?	3
What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?	3
What police force did Mack Sennett create ?	3
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?	1
What does e.g. stand for ?	2
Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?	3
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?	0
How much electricity does the brain need to work ?	5
Why can 't ostriches fly ?	0
What 's the state motto of California ?	0
What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?	1
What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?	1
How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?	5
What is the present Pope named ?	3
What animal migrates the farthest ?	1
Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?	3
What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?	1
What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?	1
Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?	3
What is the earth 's diameter ?	5
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?	5
How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?	5
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?	3
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?	5
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?	4
What does the abbreviation cwt. ?	2
What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?	1
What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?	4
What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?	5
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?	4
What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?	4
What is carbon dioxide ?	0
When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?	5
What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?	1
What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?	1
What is a portal ?	0
What is the deepest lake in the US ?	4
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?	3
Where are the British crown jewels kept ?	4
How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?	5
Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?	3
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?	3
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?	5
Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?	3
Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?	3
How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?	0
When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?	3
How do telephones work ?	0
What is the fastest fish in the world ?	1
How many websites are there in the world ?	5
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?	4
What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?	3
What makes salt ?	0
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?	3
What is thermal equilibrium ?	0
What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?	4
What are the seven wonders of the world ?	1
What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?	1
What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?	1
What was the worst hurricane ?	1
How can I find out my Moon sign ?	0
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?	3
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?	1
What type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests ?	1
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?	3
Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .	3
What was Al Capone 's nickname ?	3
How big is the largest diamond ?	5
What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?	1
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?	5
In which state would you find the Catskill Mountains ?	4
In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?	1
What is the difference between a college and a university ?	0
What does the word LASER mean ?	2
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?	5
How successful is arometherapy ?	0
What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?	3
What novel has Big Brother watching ?	1
How many horses are there on a polo team ?	5
What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?	4
What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?	1
What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?	1
What is foot and mouth disease ?	1
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?	5
How many James Bond novels are there ?	5
What are Maid-Rites ?	0
What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?	3
What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?	5
What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?	4
What is mold ?	0
What is artificial intelligence ?	0
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?	4
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?	4
The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?	4
What is the history of `` the toast '' ?	0
When did the art of quilting begin ?	5
What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?	3
What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?	3
What is the most expensive car in the world ?	1
Why do girls have to wear training bras ?	0
What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?	1
What is nuclear proliferation ?	0
What is another name for nearsightedness ?	1
What is bandwidth ?	0
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?	5
Where is the Kalahari desert ?	4
What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?	4
What are the four elements ?	1
What is moxie ?	0
What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?	1
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?	3
Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?	4
What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?	4
What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?	3
What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?	4
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?	3
Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?	3
Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?	3
What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?	1
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?	0
Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?	0
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?	3
What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?	1
What are the alveoli ?	0
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?	4
What English playwright penned : `` Where the bee sucks , so shall I '' ?	3
What is making love ?	0
What high school does Archie attend ?	3
What is BPH ?	2
Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?	0
A corgi is a kind of what ?	1
Define the Pheonix Club ?	0
What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?	1
What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?	3
What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?	1
What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?	3
Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?	1
How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?	0
Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?	3
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?	4
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .	1
What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?	3
Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?	3
Where 's Montenegro ?	4
Who developed potlatch ?	3
What spice do chefs pay the most for ?	1
How many colors are there in the spectrum ?	5
How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?	5
What country boasts the most dams ?	4
What does hazmat stand for ?	0
Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?	3
Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?	3
What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?	4
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?	0
At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?	1
When was Thomas Jefferson born ?	5
How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?	0
What sport is known for hooligans ?	1
What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?	1
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?	5
What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?	4
What is dry ice ?	0
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?	4
What instrument does Benny Carter play ?	1
What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?	5
What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?	1
What is a fear of black people ?	1
Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?	3
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?	1
What is autism ?	0
What does Aaron mean ?	0
What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?	1
Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?	3
What type of betting is used in horse racing ?	1
What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?	3
What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?	1
What are Fortune 500 companies ?	0
What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?	1
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?	3
Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?	4
What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?	1
What is a fear of sleep ?	1
Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?	3
What are the Greek numerals ?	0
How long was the longest hiccup attack ?	5
Who was the inventor of the stove ?	3
Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?	4
What does the word fortnight mean ?	0
What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?	4
What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?	1
Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?	3
Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?	3
What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?	1
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?	4
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?	4
How do you recognize anorexia ?	0
Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?	3
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?	3
Who invented volleyball ?	3
What is the capital of Uruguay ?	4
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?	4
What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?	1
What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?	3
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?	0
What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?	1
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?	5
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?	3
What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?	1
What is the greatest hiking Web site ?	4
What are the cookies in Internet ?	0
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?	5
What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?	4
Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?	0
What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?	3
How is energy created ?	0
What can be done about snoring ?	0
How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?	0
What is a hyperlink ?	0
Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?	0
The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?	1
How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?	5
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .	1
When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?	5
What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?	1
What is e-coli ?	0
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?	4
How old is Benny Carter ?	5
How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?	0
What is a geoscientist ?	0
How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?	0
What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?	0
What are tonsils for ?	0
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?	5
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?	5
What should you do for an ankle sprain ?	0
Why does the moon turn orange ?	0
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?	3
What state did the Battle of Bighorn take place in ?	4
What ocean does Mauritania border ?	4
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?	4
What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?	3
What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?	4
What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?	1
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?	0
Who was the first man to fly across the Pacific Ocean ?	3
What is a fear of worms ?	1
Where is the Mayo Clinic ?	4
Name the largest country in South America .	4
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?	3
What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?	1
What do you call a book of quotes ?	1
Mercury , what year was it discovered ?	5
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?	1
What is titanium ?	0
Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?	3
What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?	2
What is the street address of the White House ?	4
What are boxcars ?	0
How many oceans are there and name them ?	5
Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?	3
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?	1
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?	0
How do you use an intranet ?	0
Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?	3
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?	1
Name a female figure skater .	3
What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?	0
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?	5
What is the best distance education university or college ?	3
What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?	3
What is a group of frogs called ?	1
How fast is alcohol absorbed ?	5
What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?	3
When was the first stained glass window made ?	5
What is the habitat of the chickadee ?	4
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?	5
How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?	5
What planet gave bith to Superman ?	4
What are pomegranates ?	0
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?	3
What is hypertext ?	0
What is the largest lake in North America ?	4
What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?	2
What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?	4
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?	5
How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?	0
How do clouds form ?	0
How far is the service line from the net in tennis ?	5
Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?	3
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?	3
How many people watch network television ?	5
Which U.S.A. president appeared on `` Laugh-In '' ?	3
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?	1
Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?	3
How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?	5
What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?	1
Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?	1
What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?	4
How many people have been Captain America ?	5
What food can I use to catch a possum ?	1
Where are the busiest ports in the world ?	4
What are the main blood vessels ?	1
What does appropriates money mean ?	0
Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?	3
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?	5
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?	3
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	4
What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?	5
What is the name of William Penn 's ship ?	1
What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?	1
Who is the richest woman in the world ?	3
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	5
Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?	4
Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .	1
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?	3
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	5
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?	0
What is the wingspan of a condor ?	5
What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?	1
When was the first kidney transplant ?	5
What is Megan 's law ?	0
Who discovered imaginary numbers ?	3
What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?	4
How old was Elvis Presley when he died ?	5
What is the Hub of London ?	0
What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?	3
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?	3
What does the word terrorism mean ?	0
Where was George Washington born ?	4
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	3
What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?	1
What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?	5
What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?	0
When is the official first day of summer ?	5
How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?	5
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?	1
When was the first Wal-Mart store opened ?	5
What is La Nina ?	0
Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?	0
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?	3
What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?	3
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?	4
Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .	1
Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?	3
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?	1
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?	5
What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?	5
Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?	3
Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?	3
What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?	1
Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?	0
What person 's head is on a dime ?	3
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?	2
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	5
What planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets ?	4
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?	1
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?	0
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?	1
Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?	0
How far away is the moon ?	5
What is sodium chloride ?	0
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?	0
Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?	3
What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?	1
When did Idaho become a state ?	5
How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?	5
What do economists do ?	0
Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?	1
Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?	4
What effect does LSD have on the brain ?	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	5
What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?	1
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?	1
Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''	1
What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?	3
What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?	4
What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?	3
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?	1
What were Christopher Columbus ' three ships ?	1
What do flatfish eat ?	1
Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?	0
Where is Guam ?	4
Silly putty was invented by whom ?	3
What is a fear of clouds ?	1
What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?	4
What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?	1
Where did Bill Gates go to college ?	4
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?	4
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?	0
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?	0
What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?	4
What is Goldfinger 's first name ?	3
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?	1
What international sport was originally called hurley ?	1
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?	4
What colors need to be mixed to get the color pink ?	1
What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?	1
What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?	1
What does Las Vegas mean ?	0
What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?	3
Where does tuberculosis come from ?	4
Who wrote the hymn `` Amazing Grace '' ?	3
When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?	5
What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?	4
What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?	4
What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?	4
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?	4
CNN is an acronym for what ?	2
Who is the head of the World Bank ?	3
What is the function of RAM ?	0
What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?	5
What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?	4
Why was Curious George curious ?	0
What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?	4
What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?	4
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?	3
Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?	3
Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .	3
What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?	0
What will a compass do in outer space ?	0
How did the tradition of best man start ?	0
What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?	1
What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?	5
Who is the Pope ?	3
What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?	4
What is the definition of spamming ?	0
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?	5
How many names are there for Eskimo people ?	5
What is endometriosis ?	0
Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''	3
What were the causes of the Civil War ?	0
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?	0
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?	4
What is caffeine ?	0
Jude Law acted in which film ?	1
How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?	5
What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?	3
What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?	1
What are the Nordic nations ?	4
What is the name given to the Tiger at Louisiana State University ?	1
In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?	5
What country is famous for Persian rugs ?	4
What color is a poison arrow frog ?	1
Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?	4
What credit card features a centurion on its face ?	1
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	5
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?	0
What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?	1
What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?	3
What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?	1
How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?	0
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?	5
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?	3
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	4
How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?	5
Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?	0
How do you measure earthquakes ?	0
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?	1
Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?	3
What is the history of skateboarding ?	0
What did Thomas Paine write ?	1
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	4
What date was Dwight D. Eisenhower born ?	5
How many pounds are there in a stone ?	5
How does rabies spread ?	0
What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?	3
What is the world 's highest peak ?	4
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?	3
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	5
What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?	4
How do birds have sex ?	0
How many Leos have been Pope ?	5
Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?	3
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?	0
What is the largest city in Connecticut ?	4
What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?	4
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?	5
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?	1
What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?	0
What was the first domesticated bird ?	1
Who is the prime minister of Australia ?	3
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?	1
Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?	3
What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?	0
What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?	1
Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .	3
What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?	4
What are the stars made of ?	1
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?	5
In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?	5
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?	3
What is the richest state in the U.S. ?	4
How many small businesses are there in the U.S .	5
What is the history of the hairdryer ?	0
What is propylene glycol ?	0
What is a green bog ?	0
What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?	4
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?	2
What day and month did John Lennon die ?	5
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?	5
What is Zionism ?	0
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?	3
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?	1
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?	0
What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?	1
Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?	3
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?	5
What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?	1
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?	5
What is the frequency of VHF ?	5
How many varieties of twins are there ?	5
How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?	5
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?	4
What book did Aaron Hass write ?	1
Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?	0
Where is Dartmouth College ?	4
How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?	0
What is California 's capital ?	4
For how long is an elephant pregnant ?	5
What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?	3
What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?	0
What is a Canada two-penny black ?	0
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?	5
Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?	3
What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''	3
What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?	0
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?	4
What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?	4
What is the Milky Way ?	0
How big is the Electoral College ?	5
Where did guinea pigs originate ?	4
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?	1
What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?	1
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?	3
What famed river flows through Bagdad ?	4
What does LOL mean ?	2
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	4
What does SIDS stand for ?	2
What is a philanthropist ?	0
What is the oldest university in the US ?	3
What type of exercise burns the most calories ?	1
What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?	3
What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?	4
What manufacturers are there in Texas ?	3
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?	3
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?	1
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?	4
What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?	1
What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?	4
What is the best selling computer model ever ?	1
Who won the Superbowl in ?	3
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?	1
With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?	3
What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?	1
Who created `` The Muppets '' ?	3
Where did the name root beer come from ?	0
What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?	3
What is the population of Nigeria ?	5
What is the most common name ?	3
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?	3
What sport does Chris Jogis play ?	1
What year did Mussolini seize power in Italy ?	5
Where is the Grand Canyon ?	4
What are the current immigration laws in US ?	0
What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?	3
What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?	1
What kind of creature is a coot ?	1
What is nepotism ?	0
What is `` bloodhound '' ?	0
What do manatees eat ?	1
What is the Socratic method ?	0
What is the primary language of the Philippines ?	1
How can SQL queries be improved ?	0
How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?	0
What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?	1
Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?	1
What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?	1
What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?	4
How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?	5
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?	3
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?	4
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?	5
What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?	4
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?	3
What is quicksilver ?	0
What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	1
On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?	5
What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?	1
What does the name Melissa mean ?	0
What are dinosaur droppings called ?	1
What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?	1
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?	4
When was the Berlin Wall erected ?	5
What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?	3
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	3
What does a chef coddle eggs in ?	1
What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?	4
How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?	5
What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?	0
What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?	1
Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?	3
Where did the world come from ?	4
When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?	5
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?	5
What is color ?	0
What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?	3
What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?	3
How many times more than 3	5
What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?	0
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?	4
What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?	1
What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?	0
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?	1
Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?	3
How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?	0
What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?	1
How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?	5
How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?	0
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	4
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?	3
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?	0
What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?	1
What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?	2
What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?	1
Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?	0
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	5
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	5
What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?	4
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?	1
What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''	0
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?	3
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?	4
Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?	3
Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?	3
How does a hurricane form ?	0
In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?	4
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?	5
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	3
How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?	0
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?	0
How many people own pets ?	5
How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?	5
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?	5
What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	1
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?	4
How can I give myself a French manicure ?	0
When was the De Beers company founded ?	5
How large is Missouri 's population ?	5
What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?	1
What is a fear of machinery ?	1
What are spider veins ?	0
What 's a water funnel ?	0
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?	4
How many types of lemurs are there ?	5
What is viscosity ?	0
How many different vegetation zones are there ?	5
Who is Count Cinzano ?	3
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?	1
How can you define time ?	0
What is DSL ?	2
What makes thunder ?	0
How deep is a fathom ?	5
What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?	1
When was Nostradamus born ?	5
Where is the Orinoco River ?	4
What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?	5
Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?	3
Which is the best opening move in chess ?	1
What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?	0
How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?	5
Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?	5
What horse did Zorro ride ?	1
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?	1
What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?	3
Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?	3
What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?	1
How tall is the giraffe ?	5
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?	5
What is a group of turkeys called ?	1
What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?	4
How big is the universe actually ?	5
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?	1
How did Socrates die ?	0
What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?	1
What is die-casting ?	0
What is a fear of home surroundings ?	1
What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?	4
What does a spermologer collect ?	1
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?	0
What are the names of the different toes ?	1
What effect does a prism have on light ?	0
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?	1
What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?	1
What is Head Start ?	0
When did John F. Kennedy get elected as President ?	5
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?	3
Who was the first man to return to space ?	3
What was FDR 's dog 's name ?	1
What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?	1
What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?	3
What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?	1
Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?	1
Who is the leader of India ?	3
Where is Perth ?	4
What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?	4
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?	0
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?	4
Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?	3
What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?	1
Where was Poe born ?	4
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?	1
Who was the last woman executed in England ?	3
What island is home to statues called Mauis ?	4
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?	1
When was the slinky invented ?	5
What three colors are on the French flag ?	1
What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?	1
What 's the most popular contact lens color ?	1
When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?	5
What is the difference between AM radio stations and FM radio stations ?	0
What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?	1
Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?	3
How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?	5
Who is Stephen Hawking ?	3
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?	1
Where can one find Mozambique ?	4
How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?	5
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?	3
How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?	0
What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?	0
What are invertebrates ?	0
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?	0
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?	3
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?	3
How many people live in cities ?	5
What is Australia 's national flower ?	1
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?	0
Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?	3
What alloy do copper and tin form ?	1
Name the highest mountain .	4
What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?	1
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?	5
What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?	1
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?	4
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?	5
What is bangers and mash ?	0
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?	5
What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?	1
What is the size of Argentina ?	5
What province is Edmonton located in ?	4
What country has the largest sheep population ?	4
What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?	1
Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?	4
What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?	1
What countries earn the most from tourism ?	4
What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?	3
What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?	1
What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?	1
What country borders Denmark to the south ?	4
Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?	4
What are dingoes ?	0
What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?	2
Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?	3
How fast is sound ?	5
Which of these are authors ?	3
How does a rainbow form ?	0
What is bio-diversity ?	0
Where is the Little League Museum ?	4
How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?	0
What are enzymes ?	0
What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?	1
What is the protection rate of using condoms ?	5
What is narcolepsy ?	0
How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?	0
How did Asia get its name ?	0
What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?	3
What is Jane Goodall famous for ?	0
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .	3
What time of year has the most air travel ?	5
What does verdandi mean ?	0
How long was the longest sneezing attack ?	5
What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?	0
How many people in America snore ?	5
Who shot Billy the Kid ?	3
What does e=mc2 mean ?	0
What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?	1
Where is John Wayne airport ?	4
What is the medical condition of hypertension ?	0
What is a female rabbit called ?	1
What is the oldest profession ?	3
What is hyperopia ?	0
What is the brightest star ?	4
What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?	1
Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?	3
What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?	0
What is the highest continent ?	4
What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?	1
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?	5
What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?	5
What currency does Luxembourg use ?	1
Who is the governor of Alaska ?	3
Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?	1
What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?	4
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?	1
How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?	5
What are semiconductors ?	0
Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?	3
What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?	4
What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?	1
What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?	0
What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?	2
Who invented the fax machine ?	3
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?	3
How can you tell when figs are ripe ?	0
What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?	5
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?	4
Who sought to create The Great Society ?	3
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?	3
What two body parts grow all your life ?	1
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?	3
How far can you see ?	5
Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?	1
Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?	3
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?	5
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?	4
What does saliva consist of ?	1
Who is Stein Eriksen ?	3
What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?	1
What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?	1
What is the population of Japan ?	5
When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?	5
What is Jane Goodall known for ?	0
What city 's airport is named Logan International ?	4
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	3
What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?	3
Where is Rider College located ?	4
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?	0
What 's another name for aspartame ?	1
How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?	0
What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?	0
Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?	4
What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?	3
In what year was the cannon invented ?	5
What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?	1
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?	1
What are the three most populated countries in the world ?	4
What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?	3
How do I find out about jobs ?	0
What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?	3
Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?	1
What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?	5
Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?	3
How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?	0
What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?	3
What is a fear of glass ?	1
What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?	1
What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?	4
What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?	3
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?	0
What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?	3
Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?	3
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?	4
What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?	1
What do you call a group of geese ?	1
What do river otters eat ?	1
Where did makeup originate ?	4
Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?	4
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?	3
What 's the most common street name in America ?	4
How many people are taller than 7 feet ?	5
What is a thermometer ?	0
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?	4
Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?	4
What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?	3
What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?	1
What exactly is radiation ?	0
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?	0
What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?	1
What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?	0
What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?	0
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .	1
What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?	5
What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?	3
What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?	1
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?	4
The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?	3
Name a French fascist party .	3
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?	3
What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''	3
Why do many Native American students not complete college ?	0
What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?	1
What U.S. state has the most blondes ?	4
What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?	3
Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?	3
Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?	3
What is her husband 's name ?	3
What 's the green variety of beryl called ?	1
Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?	3
What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?	3
How do I contact answers.com ?	0
What is the difference between hair and fur ?	0
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?	3
What 's the meaning of UOL ?	0
Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?	4
How many calories are there in soy sauce ?	5
What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?	1
How many feet in a mile ?	5
What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?	4
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?	5
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?	5
How many milligrams are in a gram ?	5
Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?	3
What are the two houses of the Legislative branch ?	1
What is the largest snake in the world ?	1
Who invented television ?	3
What is the atomic weight of silver ?	5
What is a fear of touching ?	1
What does the dot on the letter i mean ?	0
What does Robert mean ?	0
What is the plural of gulf ?	1
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?	3
What concerts are held in New York this week ?	1
How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?	5
What is God ?	0
What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?	3
How was the Kennedy money made ?	0
How long does a human live ?	5
What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?	3
Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?	4
What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?	1
Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?	3
What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .	3
What is a fear of hair ?	1
What was Einstein 's birthplace ?	4
When was Microsoft established ?	5
What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?	1
What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?	0
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?	5
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?	1
Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?	3
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?	4
What species is a colt ?	1
What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?	1
What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?	3
What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?	4
What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?	1
What is an earthquake ?	0
What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?	3
What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?	2
What is the purpose of a car bra ?	0
Where is Tufts University ?	4
What are polymers ?	0
What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?	4
Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .	1
Who turned all he touched to gold ?	3
Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?	4
What continent is Bolivia on ?	4
What is fellatio ?	0
When is the Thai New Year ?	5
What country has the port of Haifa ?	4
What generation am I in ?	1
What is the best way to overcome a fear ?	1
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?	5
Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?	3
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?	0
Where is Prince Edward Island ?	4
What do insects do through their spiracles ?	0
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?	5
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?	4
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?	0
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?	1
How do I love thee ?	0
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?	0
How many school districts are there in the United States ?	5
Where does Mother Angelica live ?	4
What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?	1
What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?	1
What 's the longest river in Canada ?	4
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?	0
What state was named the Green Mountain state ?	4
How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?	5
What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?	3
What is a fear of stings ?	1
What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?	1
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?	5
What is the sales tax in Minnesota ?	1
What professional sports league originated the college draft ?	3
What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?	1
How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?	0
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?	3
Where 's the GUM department store ?	4
What is amitriptyline ?	0
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?	3
Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?	0
What is the mission of Nike ?	1
What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?	4
What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?	1
When did Thatcher become prime minister ?	5
How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?	5
What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?	3
What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?	1
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?	5
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?	0
What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?	0
Who killed Kurt Cobain ?	3
What was her real name ?	3
When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?	5
Who was Whitcomb Judson ?	3
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?	4
Who is a German philosopher ?	3
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .	3
How old was Joan of Arc when she died ?	5
How do plants make food ?	0
What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?	1
What does RCA stand for ?	2
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?	3
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?	3
What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?	1
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?	5
Which country did Hitler rule ?	4
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?	0
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?	3
What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?	1
Where is the Mason/Dixon line ?	4
What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?	3
What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?	1
What is the average time to kiss somene ?	5
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?	4
What lake is Sheboygan on ?	4
How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?	5
Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?	4
What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''	1
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?	2
What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?	3
Why do men snore ?	0
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?	3
What is Linux ?	0
What was the Vietnam War ?	0
What is the National Park in Utah ?	4
How did Rocky Marciano die ?	0
What 's the longest river in the world ?	4
Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?	3
What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?	1
What river runs through Liverpool ?	4
What is graduate school ?	0
Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?	4
What is a drought ?	0
Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?	3
Why was the zipper invented ?	0
What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?	3
What is the English meaning of caliente ?	0
What causes canker sores in the mouth ?	0
What is the most widely cultivated plant ?	1
What do you call a professional map drawer ?	1
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?	0
On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?	4
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?	0
What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?	0
How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?	5
Who was William Henry Harrison ?	3
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?	2
How much does water weigh ?	5
What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?	3
What is schizophrenia ?	0
What is a First World country ?	0
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?	3
How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?	5
Who is Peter Weir ?	3
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?	0
How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?	5
What does gringo mean ?	0
What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?	0
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?	1
Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?	3
What is the most common cancer ?	1
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?	3
How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?	5
What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?	4
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?	3
Where did Woodstock take place ?	4
What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?	1
What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?	1
In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?	1
What country lies directly south of Detroit ?	4
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?	1
What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?	1
Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?	3
Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?	4
Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?	3
What state in the United States covers the largest area ?	4
How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?	5
What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?	0
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?	4
What did Benny Carter play ?	1
Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?	3
Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?	3
What are the historical trials following World War II called ?	1
What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?	1
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?	5
What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?	4
Who invented the telephone ?	3
How do you handle a hungry man ?	0
What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?	3
How many watts make a kilowatt ?	5
What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?	3
How far can a man travel in outer space ?	5
What company produces Spumante ?	3
How many eyes does a bat have ?	5
What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?	1
What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?	3
Who is the father of the computer ?	3
What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?	1
What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?	1
What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?	0
Where was the first golf course in the United States ?	4
How do you fix squeaky floors ?	0
What are antacids ?	0
Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?	1
Who invented the game bowling ?	3
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?	5
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	5
Who was Maria Theresa ?	3
How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?	0
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?	1
What is the largest museum in the world ?	4
Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?	3
What was the last year that the Chicago Cubs won the World Series ?	5
Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?	3
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?	1
What is the world 's population ?	5
Who directed The Wild Bunch ?	3
CPR is the abbreviation for what ?	2
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?	1
How does a bill become law ?	0
What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?	3
What is home banking ?	0
What series of trials followed World War II ?	1
What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?	3
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?	4
Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?	4
What are sunspots ?	0
From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?	0
What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?	5
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?	4
When did North Carolina enter the union ?	5
What species was Winnie the Pooh ?	1
What was the first video ever made ?	1
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	3
Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?	0
Who was the architect of Central Park ?	3
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?	0
How many bytes are in a terabyte ?	5
What causes panic attacks ?	0
What are the seven seas ?	4
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?	1
What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?	1
Where is the Lourve ?	4
What happened to Pompeii ?	0
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?	3
What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?	3
What is a fear of parasites ?	1
What is a hormone ?	0
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?	4
Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?	4
What is a stratocaster ?	0
What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?	1
What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?	1
What is the definition of cecum ?	0
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?	0
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?	5
On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?	5
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?	0
What does a farrier put shoes on ?	1
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?	1
What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?	5
Why is the development of space so important ?	0
What happened to Pepsi Clear ?	0
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?	5
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?	1
Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?	4
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?	4
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?	1
Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?	3
When was John D. Rockefeller born ?	5
Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?	3
Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .	1
What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?	3
Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?	0
Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .	3
What is the most useful site on the Internet ?	4
What is compounded interest ?	0
Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?	3
How long does cocaine stay in your system ?	5
What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?	0
What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?	4
What countries have the most auto thefts ?	4
What are capers ?	0
How can I get a CCT diagram ?	0
What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?	1
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?	3
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?	0
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?	1
Where is Burma ?	4
What is a pyrotechnic display ?	0
What do peacocks mate with ?	1
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?	5
How old is Britney Spears ?	5
What year did Canada join the United Nations ?	5
Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?	3
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?	0
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?	4
Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?	0
What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?	1
What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?	4
How did water appear on the earth ?	0
What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?	4
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?	4
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?	4
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?	3
What two countries in South America are landlocked ?	4
How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?	0
Who is Desmond Tutu ?	3
What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?	3
What are the benefits of home school ?	0
How old is Jeremy Piven ?	5
What is a Devo hat ?	0
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?	0
What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?	5
How can you be happy ?	0
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?	1
What is infomatics ?	0
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?	4
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?	4
What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?	1
Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?	4
Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?	3
What do the French call La Manche ?	1
What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?	4
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?	0
What is the name of Roy Roger 's dog ?	1
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?	0
What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?	3
How does James Bond like his martinis ?	0
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?	5
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?	0
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?	5
What magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?	1
How many milliseconds in a second ?	5
What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?	3
During which season do most thunderstorms occur ?	5
What is nicotine ?	0
About how many soldiers died in World War II ?	5
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?	3
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?	0
How has TV affected our society ?	0
What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?	4
Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?	5
What is a fear of slime ?	1
Where is Mozambique located ?	4
Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?	3
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	5
How many people live in the Falklands ?	5
What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?	1
What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?	0
What kind of gas is in a fluorescent bulb ?	1
What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?	1
What is the Amish religion ?	0
How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?	5
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?	3
How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?	5
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?	5
How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?	5
What is Mississippi 's state animal ?	1
When was Ulysses S. Grant born ?	5
What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?	0
Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?	3
Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?	0
What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?	0
What is a fear of strong light ?	1
What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?	1
What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?	0
What does a dipsomaniac crave ?	1
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?	0
How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?	5
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?	3
How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?	5
What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?	1
What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?	4
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?	2
Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?	3
What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?	1
What is real time processing ?	0
What is HTML ?	2
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	5
What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?	1
How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?	5
What is the capital of Ethiopia ?	4
What company sells the most greeting cards ?	3
When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?	4
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	0
What is phosphorus ?	0
What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?	3
How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?	5
What is a Mexican hairless ?	0
What is a prism ?	0
When did the Hindenberg crash ?	5
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	5
How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?	0
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?	5
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	3
Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?	4
Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?	3
What year was the Mona Lisa painted ?	5
What is the major fault line near Kentucky ?	1
What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?	3
Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?	3
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?	3
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?	0
How many astronauts have been on the moon ?	5
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?	5
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?	1
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?	0
What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?	0
What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?	1
Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?	3
What are some children 's rights ?	0
Who invented the stethoscope ?	3
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?	4
What is a gandy dancer ?	0
Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?	0
How long does a dog sleep ?	5
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?	0
What is multimedia ?	0
What is yohimbine ?	0
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?	5
What is diabetes ?	0
What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?	1
What is the population of the largest Chilean city	5
How many people died on D-Day ?	5
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?	0
What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?	4
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	1
What spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?	1
What was the first minimum wage ?	5
What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?	3
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?	3
What tools do you use to crewel ?	1
Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?	1
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?	1
Where are the Haversian canals ?	4
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?	4
Who was the first vice president of the U.S. ?	3
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?	5
What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?	1
How many different types of skunks are there ?	5
What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?	4
What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?	4
What is a fear of punishment ?	1
What are the components of polyester ?	1
Which continent has the most roses ?	4
What is a caul ?	0
Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?	0
Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?	4
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?	3
What caused the Titanic to sink ?	0
What year was the ATM first introduced ?	5
Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?	0
What does IOC stand for ?	2
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?	5
Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?	3
How old is Bernadette Peters ?	5
Name four famous cartoon cats .	1
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?	3
Where did the Maya people live ?	4
What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?	3
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?	1
What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?	0
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?	3
Who developed the first polio vaccine ?	3
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?	5
Who was the first king of England ?	3
What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?	1
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?	4
Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?	0
What is a fear of lice ?	1
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	5
Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?	0
What does Robin Williams do ?	3
What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?	3
What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?	3
What country is Kosovo a part of ?	4
Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?	0
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?	3
What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?	1
What does HIV stand for ?	2
When was the San Francisco fire ?	5
Who is Coronado ?	3
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?	0
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?	5
Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?	0
What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?	3
What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?	1
What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?	5
What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?	1
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?	5
What is a fear of women ?	1
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?	0
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?	4
What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?	1
Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?	4
What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?	3
What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?	3
How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?	5
What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?	1
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?	4
When did Hawaii become a state ?	5
How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?	5
What is peyote ?	0
What is a fuel cell ?	0
What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?	0
What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?	1
How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?	0
What will the weather be today ?	0
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?	5
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?	5
What was an `` Asiento '' ?	0
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?	3
Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?	1
What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?	4
What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?	1
What is the capital of Italy ?	4
What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?	3
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?	5
How do I contact Answers.com direct ?	0
What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?	5
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?	3
How many people died in the Vietnam war ?	5
What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?	0
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?	4
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?	3
What fossilizes to form coprolite ?	1
What does a resurrectionist steal ?	1
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?	1
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?	4
What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?	1
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?	5
How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?	5
What is ozone depletion ?	0
How do you do a topic outline ?	0
What is sound ?	0
What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?	1
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	5
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?	5
What does IBM stand for ?	2
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?	3
What color is indigo ?	1
What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?	4
What is state tree of Nebraska ?	1
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?	5
What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?	1
Who was Monet ?	3
Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?	0
What county is Phoenix , AZ in ?	4
What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?	1
What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?	3
How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?	5
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?	4
Italy is the largest producer of what ?	1
What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?	1
What was the first minimum wage ?	5
What was the first satellite to go into space ?	1
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?	3
Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?	0
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?	3
How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?	5
What was archy , and mehitabel ?	0
Why did the chicken cross the road ?	0
What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?	3
Name a Gaelic language .	1
What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?	4
How do you make a paintball ?	0
Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?	3
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?	3
What does S.O.S. stand for ?	2
What is troilism ?	0
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	5
How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?	0
What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?	1
How does a submarine operate ?	0
What does seccession mean ?	0
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?	5
What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?	1
What do meteorologists do ?	0
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?	3
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?	3
What is a fear of night or darkness ?	1
Who invented the slinky ?	3
What is the fear of frogs ?	1
What is the oldest city in the United States ?	4
Who is the worst US President ever ?	3
Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?	0
What countries have the best math students ?	4
Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?	3
How deep is a fathom ?	5
What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?	3
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?	3
What is a dental root canal ?	0
Garry Kasparov plays what game ?	1
What are cigarettes made of ?	1
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?	4
Where did the name Daniel originate ?	4
Who discovered oxygen ?	3
What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?	3
What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?	1
What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?	4
What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?	1
What do bicornate animals have two of ?	1
What does it take to become a lawyer ?	1
Who invented the electric guitar ?	3
What does BUD stand for ?	2
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?	5
In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?	1
How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?	0
What is June 's birthstone ?	0
What are the Low Countries ?	0
What are platelets ?	0
What is the fourth highest mountain in the world ?	4
What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?	2
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?	0
Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?	3
What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?	1
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?	3
What is measured in curies ?	0
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?	4
Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?	1
What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?	3
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?	3
What is the most popular sports car color ?	1
What is `` dew point '' ?	0
Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?	3
What is pneumonia ?	0
What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?	4
What does CNN stand for ?	2
What is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs ?	1
What is the date of Bastille Day ?	5
Name an art gallery in New York .	4
How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?	0
What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?	3
Who is Shirley MacLaine ?	3
What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?	1
When is Boxing Day ?	5
What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?	1
Who was the first woman killed in the Vietnam War ?	3
How many hearts does an octopus have ?	5
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?	3
How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?	5
How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?	5
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?	1
The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?	1
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?	5
In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?	4
What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?	4
What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?	4
What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?	0
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?	0
What are the biggest Indian airports ?	4
What is hydrogen ?	0
Where is Poe 's birthplace ?	4
What is osteoporosis ?	0
What is leukemia ?	0
What is goulash ?	0
Where do apple snails live ?	4
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?	5
What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	1
Who was the first animal into space ?	1
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	3
What did Jesse Jackson organize ?	3
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?	3
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?	4
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?	5
What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?	1
How do microwaves work ?	0
What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?	4
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''	1
Who won Ms. American in 1989 ?	3
What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?	1
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?	0
What city 's newspaper is called `` The Star '' ?	4
How many people in the world speak French ?	5
What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 : 24 ?	1
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	4
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?	3
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	5
What does caliente mean , in English ?	0
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?	3
What is a fear of motion ?	1
Mexican pesos are worth what in U.S. dollars ?	5
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?	0
When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?	3
Who invented the radio ?	3
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?	5
What is Olestra ?	0
When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?	5
What is saltpeter ?	0
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?	5
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?	1
What is recruitment interview technique ?	0
What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?	3
What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?	3
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?	5
What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?	1
Define cosmology .	0
What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?	1
Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?	3
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?	5
What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?	3
How many countries watch MTV Europe ?	5
What is prepared mustard ?	0
What is a swatch ?	0
What 's the sacred river of India ?	4
What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?	3
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .	1
Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?	3
What day of the week was July 13 ?	5
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?	0
What is dianetics ?	0
What is the average age a horse lives ?	5
What is the width of a football field ?	5
Where do quality drinks begin ?	4
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?	4
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?	1
How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?	5
What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?	1
Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?	3
What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?	4
What is the capital of Zimbabwe ?	4
What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?	1
What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?	1
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?	1
What were the first frozen foods ?	1
What format was the major competition of VHS ?	1
What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	5
What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?	1
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?	0
What is a fear of crystals or glass ?	1
What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?	1
What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?	1
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?	0
What is the highest peak in Africa ?	4
What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?	0
What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?	3
What do Mormons believe ?	0
Why is hockey so violent ?	0
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?	3
What is November 's birthstone ?	1
Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?	3
What is a bourdon tube ?	0
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?	4
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?	5
What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?	0
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?	1
Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?	4
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?	5
What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?	1
Who was the first US President to ride in an automobile to his inauguration ?	3
Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?	3
How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?	0
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	5
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?	0
What is the highest dam in the U.S. ?	4
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	3
What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?	1
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?	4
What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?	3
What is a person called that likes fire ?	3
Who were the Picts ?	3
In Poland , where do most people live ?	4
What was Einstein 's IQ ?	5
What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?	1
What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?	1
What civilization invented the arch ?	3
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	5
What is the weather like on the moon ?	0
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?	1
What foods contain the most protein ?	1
What does Ouija mean ?	0
What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?	1
What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?	1
What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?	1
What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?	4
How was the ACLU formed ?	0
What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?	4
What is a wart ?	0
What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?	1
Where is Mile High Stadium ?	4
How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?	5
What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?	1
Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?	3
What imaginary line is halfway between the North and South Poles ?	4
What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?	1
Where did the Inuits live ?	4
What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?	0
What is deadrise , nautical , ?	0
What is hybridization ?	0
What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?	1
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?	0
What does SHIELD stand for ?	2
What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?	0
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?	4
What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	1
Who was Abraham Lincoln ?	3
Who discovered America ?	3
What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?	1
Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?	3
Who was Thucydides ?	3
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	4
What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?	0
What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?	1
When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?	1
What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?	1
What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .	1
Where can one find Rider College ?	4
What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?	1
What are binomial coefficients ?	0
What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?	0
Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?	3
What do you call a newborn kangaroo ?	1
What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?	1
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	5
Which president was unmarried ?	3
How do you write a book report ?	0
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?	3
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?	4
What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?	3
What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?	0
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?	3
Who is Terrence Malick ?	3
How loud is thunder ?	5
What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?	1
Where is Webster University ?	4
What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	4
What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?	0
What country is the largest diamond producer ?	4
What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?	0
What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?	4
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?	5
What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?	3
What are ethics ?	0
What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?	0
What is a pig in a poke ?	0
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?	3
In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?	4
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?	4
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?	0
What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?	1
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?	5
How do they find an epicenter ?	0
When is President Nixon 's birthday ?	5
What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?	4
What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?	3
What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?	4
How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?	5
What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?	1
What are the three secondary colors ?	1
What is typhoid fever ?	0
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?	0
What is another word for diet ?	1
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?	3
What does a heliologist study ?	1
What is the website for the USA journal ?	4
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .	3
What does NECROSIS mean ?	2
What are triglycerides ?	0
What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?	1
Who invented the horoscope ?	3
What made Jane Goodall famous ?	0
Hazmat stands for what ?	0
Who sells Viagra ?	3
What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?	1
What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?	3
What English word contains the most letters ?	1
What film was Jude Law in ?	1
What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?	0
How is the element strontium purified ?	0
Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .	0
What country borders the most others ?	4
What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?	1
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?	1
Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?	4
What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?	5
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?	1
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?	3
What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?	0
What is Candlemas Day ?	0
What is a rhomboideus minor ?	0
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?	3
What is the name of a Greek god ?	3
Who was the oldest U.S. president ?	3
Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?	3
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?	3
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?	3
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?	1
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?	3
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	0
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?	0
How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?	5
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	4
How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?	0
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?	4
Who invented baseball ?	3
When were William Shakespeare 's twins born ?	5
What is the alphabet for Latin ?	1
How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?	0
How did Bob Marley die ?	0
Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?	5
Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?	3
What is the origin of the word , JJ .	0
Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?	0
What is a wet dream ?	0
What does a chiropodist treat ?	1
What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?	1
What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?	3
What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?	3
What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?	4
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?	3
What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?	4
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?	4
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?	0
How long does it take different materials to decompose ?	5
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?	3
What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?	1
What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?	4
What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?	1
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?	4
What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?	4
Why is the sun yellow ?	0
What causes pneumonia ?	0
When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?	5
What is a caldera ?	0
Who won the rugby world cup in ?	3
Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?	4
What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?	1
What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?	3
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?	5
What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?	4
What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?	3
What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?	1
How many teats does a female goat sport ?	5
What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?	5
What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?	1
What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?	1
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?	5
What is the source of natural gas ?	1
Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?	3
What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?	4
What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?	3
How do you make a computer chip ?	0
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?	1
What is the 401 , K , plan ?	0
What is form drag ?	0
What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?	1
What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?	0
What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?	1
Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .	3
What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?	1
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?	5
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?	1
Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?	0
Where does chocolate come from ?	4
What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?	1
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?	5
What is a micron ?	0
When was the internal combustion engine developed ?	5
What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?	1
How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,	5
How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?	5
What does IQ stand for ?	2
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?	0
Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?	3
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?	5
Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?	3
Who domesticated the wild turkey ?	3
Who is Nicolo Paganini ?	3
Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?	3
Why are the ears your center of balance ?	0
What is a fear of reptiles ?	1
What does 7847+5943 equal ?	5
What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?	0
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?	4
Who was Galileo ?	3
Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?	0
What is white chocolate ?	0
What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?	4
What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?	0
How do you tell somebody you like them ?	0
In what state was the first co-educational college established	4
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?	1
What is Nitrox diving ?	0
What are hook worms ?	0
What keeps clouds in the air ?	1
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	5
What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?	1
What are geckos ?	0
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?	0
Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?	3
CNN is owned by whom ?	3
What is the Immaculate Conception ?	0
How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?	5
What is osmosis ?	0
How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?	5
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?	0
What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?	1
What are the two types of twins ?	1
How is silk screening done ?	0
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?	3
What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?	1
Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?	4
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?	3
Who is the president of Bolivia ?	3
What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?	4
What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?	0
What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?	3
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?	5
What does Elysium mean ?	0
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?	5
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?	1
What is the origin of Boxing Day ?	0
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?	0
What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?	0
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?	1
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	3
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?	3
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?	3
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?	1
What is a fear of rejection ?	1
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?	3
Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?	3
What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?	1
How old is the sun ?	5
What is genocide ?	0
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	5
How fast can a Corvette go ?	5
What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?	2
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?	4
What four forms does gold occur in ?	1
What was Darth Vader 's son named ?	3
What primary colors do you mix to make orange ?	1
What currency is used in Algeria ?	1
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?	5
Which comedian 's signature line is `` Can we talk '' ?	3
What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?	4
What is Sinn Fein ?	0
What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?	1
Where is the biggest bell ?	4
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?	3
What is a disaccharide ?	0
What is dew point ?	0
What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?	4
What are Canada 's two territories ?	4
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?	5
How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?	5
What is Larry King 's job ?	3
What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?	1
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?	0
Where is the largest post office building in the world ?	4
What happened to Moon Maiden ?	0
Where is the largest dam in the world ?	4
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?	5
What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?	4
How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?	0
What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?	3
What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?	3
What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?	4
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?	5
What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?	1
Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?	3
Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?	4
What is solar wind ?	0
What is the meaning of thalassemia ?	0
Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?	0
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?	3
How many yards are in 1 mile ?	5
How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?	5
What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?	3
Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?	3
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?	3
What is a neurosurgeon ?	0
What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?	1
Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?	3
What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?	1
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	3
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?	1
What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?	0
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?	0
Who was the first American world chess champion ?	3
What are the snakes of New England ?	1
When was Beethoven born ?	5
Who invented the fountain ?	3
How do you become a dentist ?	0
What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?	3
What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?	5
What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?	0
When was Queen Victoria born ?	5
Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .	3
What does Phi Beta Kappa mean ?	0
What body of water are the Canary Islands in ?	4
What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?	0
How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?	5
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	4
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?	4
What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?	3
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?	4
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?	0
When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?	5
Who 's The King of Swing ?	3
What is porphyria ?	0
What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?	1
How do you ask questions ?	0
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?	0
How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?	0
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?	5
What are different products of petroleum ?	1
Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?	4
Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?	4
Who is the President of Ghana ?	3
Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?	1
What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?	1
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?	4
What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?	3
What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?	3
What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?	1
What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?	1
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?	0
What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?	3
What determines the value of the pearl ?	1
What is agent orange ?	0
What do Christian Scientists believe in ?	0
What causes asthma ?	0
On what river is Strasbourg built ?	4
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?	3
What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?	1
How much in miles is a ten K run ?	5
What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?	4
Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?	3
What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?	3
What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?	1
When did beethoven die ?	5
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?	5
What are tourist attractions in Reims ?	4
What is fibromyalgia ?	0
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?	5
What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?	3
Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?	3
What else has the swastika stood for ?	0
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?	4
Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?	3
What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?	1
How many calories are there in a glass of water ?	5
Who was Quetzalcoatl ?	3
How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?	5
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	3
How many people visit the Pope each month ?	5
What is the most radioactive food ?	1
What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?	3
What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?	4
When does menstruation begin ?	5
What is pasta ?	0
What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?	3
What 's an auberge in France ?	0
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?	0
What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?	5
What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?	1
How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?	0
What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?	1
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?	3
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?	0
What is a cullion ?	0
What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?	3
Where was Lincoln assassinated ?	4
What is a phalanx ?	0
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?	3
What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?	3
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?	3
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?	0
What is a firewall ?	0
In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?	5
The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?	3
How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?	5
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	5
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?	3
Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?	3
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?	1
Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?	1
What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?	3
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?	0
What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?	0
How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?	5
What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?	3
Who was Damocles ?	3
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?	3
Where is the Euphrates River ?	4
Where was Tesla born ?	4
How many Admirals are there in the U.S. Navy ?	5
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?	0
Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?	0
What scale measures earthquakes ?	1
What is the money they use in Zambia ?	1
Who did the Seven Mules block for ?	3
What 's the Olympic motto ?	0
How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?	5
What is a fear of drinking ?	1
What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?	1
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?	0
What are field effect transistors ?	0
What building are British monarchs crowned in ?	4
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?	0
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?	5
What is the Jewish bible called ?	1
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?	0
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?	3
What color are crickets ?	1
What is pandoro ?	0
When was Rosa Parks born ?	5
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?	5
Who followed Caesar ?	3
What is a fear of weakness ?	1
What is acupuncture ?	0
Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?	3
What color were their horses ?	1
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?	4
Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?	0
What is the life span of the average monkey ?	5
Who first broke the sound barrier ?	3
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	1
Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?	4
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?	5
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?	4
What geological time do we live in ?	5
What is nanotechnology ?	0
Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?	3
What is the largest sculpture in the world ?	1
Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?	3
What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?	0
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?	4
What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	1
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?	1
What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?	4
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?	3
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?	5
Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?	3
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?	3
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?	0
When do you plant winter wheat ?	5
Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?	3
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?	5
What did Aaron Hass write ?	1
What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?	5
What is Greek pita ?	0
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?	4
What French ruler was defeated at the battle of Waterloo ?	3
What causes gray hair ?	0
What is he doing now ?	0
What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?	3
What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?	0
What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?	1
Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?	3
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?	1
How often are quadruplets born ?	5
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?	5
What is the regular price ?	5
What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?	1
What city is also known as `` The Gateway to the West '' ?	4
What is angiotensin ?	0
What is a meerkat ?	0
When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?	5
Colin Powell is famous for what ?	0
Who created the character of Scrooge ?	3
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?	1
Who won World War II ?	3
How many years old is Benny Carter ?	5
How often are brain cells replaced ?	5
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?	4
Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?	3
What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?	2
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?	5
What are manifest and latent function theories ?	0
What African animals are known as The Big Five ?	1
What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?	0
What is the longest bone in the human body ?	1
What does Melissa mean ?	0
What is the temperature at the center of the earth ?	5
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?	3
Where is McCarren Airport located ?	4
What are the side effects of mevacor ?	0
What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?	3
Who were the five Marx brothers ?	3
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?	4
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .	3
How many words are there in the Spanish language ?	5
Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?	3
What currency is used in Australia ?	1
How much fiber should you have per day ?	5
What are shooting stars ?	0
How many queen bees reign in a hive ?	5
What does N est-ce pas mean ?	0
How you can raise your IQ ?	0
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?	3
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?	4
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?	1
What is Colin Powell best known for ?	0
Where is Logan Airport ?	4
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?	3
What is Bombay duck ?	0
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?	1
What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?	0
What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?	1
What is a biologist ?	0
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?	4
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?	5
How tall is the Gateway Arch in St. Louis , MO ?	5
What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?	4
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?	3
What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?	3
Where is Hitler buried ?	4
Who created Harry Lime ?	3
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?	3
Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?	3
What state capital comes last alphabetically ?	4
What is spaceball played on ?	0
Which is heavier - cream or milk ?	1
What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?	1
What was the Long March in China ?	0
What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?	0
What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?	3
Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?	3
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?	2
What is witch hazel ?	0
When was the first Barbie produced ?	5
How do you reference a website ?	0
What city is found in the city of OZ ?	4
What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?	1
Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?	3
What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?	2
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?	3
How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?	5
How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?	5
What is the scientific name for elephant ?	1
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?	3
What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?	3
What 's the most powerful country in the world ?	4
When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?	5
What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?	3
What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?	3
What organization has a Security Council ?	3
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?	3
What is a fear of gravity ?	1
Where is Trinidad ?	4
What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?	1
What killed Bob Marley ?	1
What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?	0
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?	5
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?	0
Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?	3
How does blood clot ?	0
What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?	0
What kind of fish is a coney ?	1
How many chemical elements are there ?	5
What is the name of the leader of Ireland ?	3
What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?	2
What is a fear of failure ?	1
How many years make up a lustrum ?	5
Where is Belize located ?	4
Who is the only president to serve 2 non-consecutive terms ?	3
In what county is Eckley Colorado ?	4
What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?	1
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?	3
Colin Powell is most famous for what ?	0
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?	3
How many bones are in the human hand ?	5
What is the virus HIV ?	0
What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?	1
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	5
Jude Law was in what movie ?	1
In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?	0
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	4
What is usenet for the Internet ?	0
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	5
What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?	0
What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?	4
What is an auto-commentary ?	0
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?	3
Who was Jinnah ?	3
How many meters are in a mile ?	5
Where is McCarren Airport ?	4
What is Valentine 's Day ?	0
Who is Charles Lindbergh ?	3
Where is Windsor Castle ?	4
