document	label
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www . ipod's dirty secret . com .	1
the setup was a breeze , i had some reservations about a wireless network ( see my review for linksys wet11 ) but this item was on sale as well as the wet11 so i just had to splurge .	1
no need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require ! .	1
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .	1
creative did an awesome job with the design .	1
have used it frequently and have had no problems .	1
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .	0
it may not top the ipod mini , but it 's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality .	1
their customer ( www . apex digital inc . com ) service is very poor .	0
i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like itunes ( no music i want , but thats just me ) and the creative product was cheaper ; . and i needed to be able to use wma files .	1
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .	1
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .	1
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .	1
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .	1
as for itunes , i don 't find it to be as good as the windows media player as a computer mp3 player , but it is good enough .	1
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .	1
and so far , i 've been very pleased .	1
i did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here .	1
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .	0
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking	0
i use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty .	1
as any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had simone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image appeared on the decently sized screen .	1
it would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die .	0
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .	1
also , very light and portable .	1
white earbuds ( i replaced those with some shire headphones , big difference ) , a case , a stand , a clip ( which doesn 't really work ) , and a nice little zen micro bag .	1
another 5 star performance .	1
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market .	1
the battery has a long life .	1
the program brings more problems than a virus , albeit not as major problems , just not what you expect for 70 bucks .	0
another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! .	1
its compact and has rounded edges .	1
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get over illuminated main subjects with depth being lost .	0
i like the speed control .	1
the bags attach inside the champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle .	1
in noisy environment , it 's hard to hear from the earpiece .	0
the price is $ . . . more .	0
the karma is only $5 more , it 's small , had a 20 gig drive and supports more formats including gog .	0
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but on full size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .	1
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected .	0
but those 2 come up every time .	0
it practically plays almost everything you give it .	1
way less expensive than the ipod .	1
battery life keeps improving on the ipod , and a new ipod will give you up to twelve hours of play time , per charge .	1
the wrt54g plus the hga7t is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case .	1
this holds alot and does not take up alot of space .	1
probably a great phone overall , and perhaps mine just has bugs .	1
saw the hitachi on amazon . com with their $25 . 00 coupon ( at the time ) and could not resist trying it out .	1
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .	0
this is an excellent router for the price .	1
if there were any complaints i have , they are marginal , but one is apples ' proprietary set-up for music files , their incompatibility with other music services ( i . e . napster ) is down right wrong .	0
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .	0
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want .	1
about the only legitimate criticism from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .	0
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice .	0
yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet .	0
i find it very stable and comfortable to use , it doesn 't jump around or make me feel like i need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control , and it has very good visibility to see your cut .	1
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot .	0
i highly recommend it .	1
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )	0
they are extremely convent and you don 't have to buy them seperately has i-tunes , which provides quality music at low prices .	1
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .	0
i like some local stations , stern , and npr , and so the radio seemed like a great option .	1
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .	1
other than that , the simian series 60 os is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you 're willing to hunt for it .	1
this is a quality product , not to be confused with the cheap junk that hitachi gets manufactured in china .	1
3 ) 4x zoom is nice	1
i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a pda .	1
i do not need to repeat what 's great about this phone .	1
solid food poop is very stinky and this diaper pail doesn 't really contain the smell .	0
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n 't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .	0
you need to know absolutely nothing about setting up the network .	1
on my main computer the software did not work right .	0
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .	1
"here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of "" plastic-like "" ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy ."	1
i like it 's shape and it 's keypad and joystick .	1
having usb 2 . 0 makes for very fast transfers .	1
the quality is significant and you 'll be very happy from saving time and the headache .	1
so the pretty solid router all around good for the money here 's the link to firmware updates http : //www . suavest . com/forum6 . html	1
the vibration is not top .	0
the software could n 't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n 't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .	1
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) .	0
i would recommend this product to anyone .	1
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) .	1
another problem is that the latest 2 . 0 firmware upgrade moves you into windows media player 10 which seems to be very , very slow for downloads . charging[-2]	0
it was so easy my toddler would dispose of her on diapers .	1
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .	1
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .	1
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .	1
pertaining to the speed issue : i got 54mps while i was in the same room .	1
seriously ! . i love it ! .	1
very annoying .	0
the volume .	0
the best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking .	1
the zen lives up to the audio quality i love and expect .	1
another irrigation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .	0
i would recommend this camera unequivocally ! .	1
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .	0
the price is incredible with the bonus pack and hitachi 's $25 incentive ( you need the code -- -go to tool seeker . com and it tells you )	1
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .	0
if it weren 't so big i would probably by another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers . .	0
if i was pressed to find a negative aspect of the zen micro i would probably have to mention weak fm reception , but the building where i primarily use the micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway , so you can take that for what it 's worth .	0
1 . your hitachi might come to you with a stiff spring mechanism .	0
i 've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great to use .	1
- included creative software is pretty poor .	0
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .	1
* removable battery	1
i highly recommend this ! .	1
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows media player , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cb service ( gracenotes ) .	1
5 ) bluetooth wireless technology , so that i can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables .	1
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .	1
nice little phone . . . light compact . .	1
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .	1
this process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway .	0
that 's when it went from oder less , to odorous ! .	0
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .	1
putting in mp3 player , lots of games and application to download .	1
"decently sized screen -- one of the larger ones on the market at 2 """	1
the zen offered a great alternative .	1
this one is particularly bothersome : allegedly one can use the zen micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another .	0
on top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable , it is just a plunge router that works really well .	1
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! .	1
i no longer use it as a plunge router , only as a stationary or table mounted router .	0
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images .	1
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .	0
less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer .	1
i got it working fast enough .	1
my son tried it and he too couldn 't change the speed without an assist .	0
i wo n 't go into the details here , as the online sites ( steve's digicams , previews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .	1
i think their antivirus software was one of , if not the best , on the	1
and for those that are int rested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ) .	1
- well-backlit keypad	1
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .	1
hate to wait between shots	1
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .	0
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .	1
the flash is very weak .	0
i have had the ipod mini and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro beats it outright .	1
5 . the camera installed on this phone is awesome .	1
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .	0
anyhow , this software is working fine and no problems since i installed it two weeks ago .	1
the battery life last es 12 hours , and charges quickly . ( as mentioned above , the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all ! . ) once you 've downloaded your music , you can access the tracks by artist , genre , album , composer ( this comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e . g . covers of songs ) , etc .	1
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! .	1
while i would like to give it 3 . 5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .	1
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .	1
the wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog .	1
overall though , i 'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player , even if it is to pretend your not a brain dead consumer giving into the marketing hype of the ipod . ; . )	1
1 ) the champ is easy to use .	1
it plays everything , even vcd 's .	1
this is truly a clydesdale among the industry 3hp+ router workhorses .	1
my only complaint ( really more of an observation ) is that the outside finish of the ipod is rather delicate , so i am going to get a case for mine so it doesn 't get all scratched up .	0
the collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out .	0
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n 't make that big of a disturbance .	1
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .	0
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .	0
mine generally requires a charge every 48 hours or so and i don 't really talk on it that much .	0
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .	1
i was worried about what the sound quality would be like , but that seems to be just as good as the actual cd sound .	1
well , i got my second player , and right out of the box it wasn 't working right and once again , after consulting customer se ! .	0
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .	0
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing .	1
it sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all ( and we live in the damp and humid south , where odors of all kinds are generally rife ) .	1
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .	1
whichever it may be , i 'm happy i 've made this purchase .	1
no offense to amazon , but i was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks ( i 'm sure prices here will continue to sink ) , and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space .	1
also , the lens cap design is flawed .	0
but it is smooth , it is powerful , it is affordable & it has a proven track record .	1
it is extremely light and disappears in your pocket .	1
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! .	1
comments : overall this is still a great value , but is kind of overrated in the sense that there are beater deals on the market .	1
2 . battery life is over 4 . 5 hours , compared to about 2 . 5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikon's .	1
the clarity is unbelievable , which means you can cram almost the full 2 , 5 ! .	1
other than the fact that one can 't delete a file directly from the ipod , the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use .	1
what i like the most : - small and solid feel .	1
2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )	1
even the instruction booklet is out of order .	0
8 battery life is excellent .	1
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .	1
for the zen creative focused on packaging which looked well thought out , well presented and easy to open and put back together .	1
for last one month my rebate status showing me that my rebate is approved and check is delivered but still i am waiting for check .	0
even after all the nightmare sound problems , i 'd still half-way like this product if it kept it 's promise ; . the ability to store 1500 songs .	0
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .	0
( batteries last longer too ! . )	1
yes , there is a belt clip , but that doesn 't hold the extra battery and usb cable .	0
awesome for the newbie , though i personally like to fasten every bolt myself .	1
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .	1
this router was a huge disappointment .	0
when the player was working it was great , but .	0
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .	1
for those mac osx users out there , isync works fairly well .	1
who in the hell needs a frigging *vga* camera on their cellphone ? . ? . ? .	0
we are overall pleased with product .	1
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; . an exceptional close-up shooting capability .	1
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .	1
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .	1
as i drove across the country i lost reception only in eastern kentucky 's mountains .	1
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .	0
what a kick butt mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source , instead of paying for them two or three times , then get the creative zen ipod killer , kiss my ass itunes ! .	1
learning how to use it will not take very long .	1
sound quality ? . phenomenal .	1
this camera is great if you 're used to a high-end slr .	1
"if you have an older version of "" internet security "" installed , you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with systemworks install ."	0
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .	1
the games are decent , but u only get 2 to start off with .	1
when taking pictures of people , however , it shows every flaw in the subject 's skin .	0
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .	1
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect .	0
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .	0
i was more excited about this player upon opening than i was about the nomad .	1
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .	0
the software , mediasource , can not work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2 . 0 , xp os ) .	0
i say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working , but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that i could have done if so ! .	0
just the home version of norton internet/av has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with .	0
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc . .	1
it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? .	0
if you buying this player to use with napster to go , wait a while .	0
i use a nokia 6600 , it has a great color tft display and camera equipped with zoom , which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a real one player for playback and streaming of 3gpp-compatible and real media video clips .	1
the sound is incredible ; . very clean , very wide dynamic range of bass , midas and highs , and can be very loud if i turn it up full blast .	1
the eax sound enhancement feature did n 't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .	0
the camera res ponce is very quick .	1
however after playing with it for three weeks now , i 'm convinced , the zen micro is superior .	1
but , all of this means nothing , because of the serious , serious , stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw : after 3 months , give or take a few weeks , you won 't be able to hear anything .	0
the only downside i see is that it does n 't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .	0
however , setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze .	1
pros : large hard drive for the $$ -- 20gb and 40gb are both affordable .	1
"i have only used it with the 1/4 "" collet and a 1/2 "" round over bit , but i love how it starts up with little torque and runs very quietly ."	1
so far it has been very durable ( other than the little pads on the earbuds ) , but those aren 't really necessary as i find them comfortable on their own .	1
i 've got a buddy who 's trying to offload his almost new $300 systematic because he saw what this router can do .	1
by no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it , just be able to put a cd in the computer and it tells you what to do .	1
i do give create to creative for their attractive design .	1
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling .	1
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options .	1
the phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card . . . and turning the phone back on takes a little while .	0
i bought it for my trip to buns aries , and also used it at the iguassu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! .	1
i found that to be the most impressive thing about the ipod 'mini ' - basically for ease of use , and the feel it gives .	1
moving on to sound department . . . it delivers ! .	1
but this camera is great ! .	1
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .	0
even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity .	1
i installed , activated and registered nis 2004 without issue .	1
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! .	0
there are instructions to encrypt your personal wireless network so no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth .	1
i 'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop , but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until linksys improves their desktop software/hardware .	0
so far i have no complaints with this player .	1
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .	0
my other nit is that it didn 't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything .	0
the sound is bright and clear , the ability to store any mp3 's ( and not just apple-approved files ) is great , and i plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time .	1
i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures .	1
great phone . . .	1
bottom line is that at $160 , this is an absolute steal .	1
once a depth is locked , it will jump off a little while working .	0
it ain 't cutting edge ( no pun intended ) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain 't pretty .	0
the micro seemed like an ipod for less .	1
unlike other reviewers , i have found the support to be responsive , almost no wait time on the phone , and relatively knowledgeable .	1
i ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because i change him so often downstairs .	1
and , with the ipods ' full volume up , all you have to do is adjust your receivers ' volume and your set , since the ipod itself acts as a strong amp lifer of its ' own .	1
it wo n 't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store bough ten .	0
apex 's website is down and they wo n 't answer their phone .	0
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .	1
capacity is not a problem here .	1
t simply the best player on the market for a really low price , so why look anywhere else ? .	1
first , it failed whenever connecting to get updates .	0
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .	1
this router works at 54mbps that 's megabyte not kilobyte .	1
"sometimes the pictures are on the dark side , but i 'm able to fix that using the photoshop 6 . 0 "" adjust levels "" function . . . not sure how a person would do that without photoshop , though ."	0
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .	0
sure they say if it 's their fault you won 't get charged , but they are the ones who get to decide whether it 's their fault .	0
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .	1
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .	1
it sure does ! .	1
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .	1
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had .	1
new firmware update allows for automatic wireless network configuration .	1
track # , name , artist , album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled , and properly categorized into the zen .	1
they also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail sets like panasonic's and sennheisers .	1
the 4g ipod costs the same as this 5g zen micro .	1
this unit comes with the usb/firewire cable as a standard item now .	1
"the bottom line is "" phone is cool one - only for the moment , as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features , but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones "" ."	1
i guess the two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler .	1
camera quality isn 't bad for the low resolution .	1
works pretty well .	1
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .	1
it has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight .	1
the sd500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months , and the lcd has been broken twice .	0
its not a perfect system but its a very good one .	1
again , this doesn 't affect regular mp3 files - just subscription drm-encoded files , like those from napster-to-go or yahoo music unlimited .	0
you can use the ob ex file transfer service with bluetooth from linux ( kde-bluetooth provides a nice integration into conqueror for this ) for sending files to the phone .	1
"the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's "" notmad "" software because of some advanced features i wanted ."	1
3 ) joy stick for eazy navigation , 35mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff .	1
after telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program ( which i had already done ) . . .	0
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .	0
the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n 't notice after first day .	0
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .	0
the ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from jobs and company .	1
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .	1
firewire & usb2 . 0 -- for those fortunate enough to have firewire400 , your in for a real treat with auto sync .	1
great design -- very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied ( virtual ones are the only competition ) ; . and now the wheel clicks , taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus .	1
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .	1
i 'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies ( such a samsung and motorola ) it might be good . . . . but if you 're getting a nokia , don 't get this one .	0
i like the size and weight of this little critter .	1
actually , the creative zen micro solves all that .	1
i forgot , the case does n 't fit .	0
it is so small that i am able to keep it in my pocket , and i don 't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable .	1
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs .	1
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 .	0
my main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn 't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag .	0
i almost always get a good strong signal , even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest .	1
i love how small the thing is , and the blue glow - i 've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all .	1
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! .	1
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .	1
so for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models i 've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & i like that .	1
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .	1
"about the product : the zen micro is a sleek , stylish device that caters not just to "" hip "" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life , size , or the "" awkward "" factor ."	1
crappy headphones .	0
wo n 't play a lot of discs .	0
one bad thing though , i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .	0
they 're easy to use .	1
this player is an ideal purchase .	1
i must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be	1
update ( march 2005 ) : my son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now , but the diaper champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use , no problems with odors , and one of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby : - )	1
they didn 't know what the problem could be .	0
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all	1
the white-led backlit lcd is very bright and crisp , even in sunlight , and relatively easy on the battery .	1
they look fantastic .	1
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .	0
the nokia 660 runs the symbian os , which works pretty well for most standard phone fare , most of the stuff is not that intuitive , but if you actually learn how to use it all , there 's plenty of neat tie-ins .	1
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; . only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1 . for some sizing information ) .	0
no need for deodorizers .	1
the box is upstairs , and in the farthest room i get connected at 11-18m speed - that is similar to the older 10m ethernet standard .	1
a lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for napster to go . . the firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it .	0
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .	1
the greatest thing about the software ( in my humble ) is that it reads your cd info .	1
i simply hate symantec . i swear , if i could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare , bleeding hands , i would have .	0
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .	0
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .	1
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage	0
pros the design is very nice , and the colors are too .	1
i own this phone for about 6 months now , i have used the following features : bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with outlook , transfer files ( movies , songs ) , i have many movies on it now with a 512mb memory card that it takes .	1
symantec should give us all a refund and apology ! .	0
the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera .	0
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .	1
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it .	1
the grain was terrible .	0
fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket .	1
sure , it slows it down a little , but that 's expected .	1
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed .	1
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .	1
their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific .	1
i have the black one and adore it .	1
this phone is fantastic .	1
handset quality is great , as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality .	1
i have to say that i am very happy with it so far .	1
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .	0
battery life is good for a phone of this size .	1
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .	1
overall it is a great value .	1
we found that when you put a dirty diaper into the top loader , there was a tendency to get streaks which would then get on the plunger which would then have to get cleaned each time it was used .	0
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .	0
i have come across many other beginner cameras that i prefer over this camera , but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size .	1
and the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my lan .	1
the included memory card is too small .	0
i have been absolutely , completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities .	1
of course , if you try to reach symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident .	0
i 've had this beauty for nearly 2 months now and i truely love it .	1
personally , i may never buy symantect products again .	0
its sleek design , large memory capacity , compatibility with itunes , and ease of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market .	1
along the way we compared it to my wife 's t720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life , connectivity bars and features .	1
very sturdy and strong .	1
the only thing i don 't like about it is that you have to buy a larger memory card , first thing ! .	0
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .	0
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter .	1
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware .	1
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .	1
this dvd play is basically junk .	0
this is a must have product for all new moms ! .	1
then , my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone .	0
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .	1
its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily , not great from a cosmetic standpoint .	0
the interface used could be better designed .	0
applications : it has lots of applications and they work very well . . . when you eventually find where they are and they finally open .	1
"but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in "" auto "" mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! ."	1
i love the slim design ; . the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky .	1
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .	1
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n 't give it up for anything .	1
i don 't know what 's happened to norton , but 2004 is absolute garbage .	0
it wo n 't play all of my movies .	0
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory .	1
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you .	1
right now , the creative software transfers subscription music files very slowly .	0
) no locked-in proprietary business like apple ; . this baby plays wmas too .	1
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .	1
"otherwise , this is a great "" alternative "" mp3 player for those of use who don 't want to worship the mighty all-powerful apple ."	1
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement .	1
"you don 't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "" special edition "" to get black ! . - sound : awesome ! . - batteries : removable/replaceable ."	1
the instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep .	1
the other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of norton systemworks before you installs this .	0
avoid this product at all costs .	0
it 's a rip off if one buys norton internet security and antivirus .	0
other than this , i am very pleased with the router and would buy it again .	1
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; .	1
extremely convenient .	1
don 't worry this player rocks .	1
even viewed cds full of jogs .	1
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it .	0
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .	1
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .	1
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .	1
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .	0
a distinct ipod relation is evident with white colored cables , power plug and the very nice zen case with a white rubber inside covering .	1
proven canon built quality and lens .	1
"i recently had to run a 3/4 "" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn 't even slow down ."	1
good image quality .	1
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .	1
i would put the hitachi up with the best ! .	1
in fact , i liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old , that i bought one for our new baby 's room .	1
pros . 1 . speed 2 . signal strength 3 . advanced configuration options	1
it also has a voice recorder and fm radio that you can only get on an ipod if you but an adapter seperately .	1
if you think you are saving $40 getting the hitachi , you are right , and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a makita .	0
i have never had an odor problem ! .	1
fact is , it could n 't be easier to use .	1
i use the router with a 3 1/2in raised panel bit with no problems .	1
i am very pleased so far .	1
this thing is trash .	0
i gave up and got a diaper decor .	0
the good : 1 ) large lcd screen , colorful display , good resolution .	1
+ screen was good , easy to read	1
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones .	1
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .	0
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .	1
i first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot .	1
audio is excellent .	1
i have had no problems with the phone .	1
now in october , 2004 , the firewall said i couldn 't ok anymore software to use the internet because its full .	0
the heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything i threw at it .	1
all in all , not very good .	0
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .	1
i did like the heft of the machine .	1
i had a sony ericsson t610 before this and the t610 is far inferior .	1
after multiple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .	0
since zen does not have an external antenna it has some problems catching weak signals but it works .	0
after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace , i decided on the s100 .	1
the soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation .	1
while i 'm not too keen on their customer service ( none of the products i have from creative have given me issues ) , i can definitely recommend the zen micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more . . . without needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth .	1
i read many reviews on norton i . s . 2004 from a variety of sources ( cnet , amazon , message boards ) and came to the conclusion that nis 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update .	0
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear .	1
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .	1
setup is totally breeze and linksys 's web site is pretty easy to navigate .	1
the flaw is inside the zen .	0
ultimately you will learn just how bad nokia is , and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved .	0
shortly after i brought it , the plunging shafts started sticking .	0
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus .	1
it works great , i am usually at the full 54 mbps , although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is .	1
"my sd500 focuses flawlessly , does not "" whine "" during video , and my pictures are razor sharp ."	1
"at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my "" alias "" dvds as well ."	0
at first i had a problem with some smell , then i realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all ! .	1
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .	1
we resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the diaper champ for wet diapers only .	0
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no vi sable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .	1
i also own a canon digital rebel and i agree that the advanced controls on the sd500 are not as robust , but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the digital rebel .	0
the downside being that the tito can only connect at 802 . 11b speeds and not 802 . 11g .	0
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .	0
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .	0
i can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images , calender events , contacts and anything else .	1
feels solid in hand .	1
in short - nokia themselves don 't know that this phone doesn 't work with the palm , and if you don 't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts , chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly .	0
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .	0
i didn 't have any major problems installing this software .	1
the adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with xp so you are forced to create your document then either print it from windows or export it to another application .	0
this simple nuance was too much for nokia , and they still refuse to acknowledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free .	0
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone .	1
even on the low sensitive level , a slight touch can skip or pause the track .	0
"if you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged , they charge you roughly $105 . 50 per minute and blame you for "" abusing "" your ipod ."	0
plus , if you order from amazon . com , they will exchange it for you no problem .	1
you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll .	0
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds . even though they were not damaged in any way .	0
the headphones are not very comfortable , but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have .	0
the transmission speed is also quite good , with pages loading very quickly .	1
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .	1
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n 't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk .	1
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .	0
it 's oval and . . . nice .	1
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .	0
another problem i had with this camera was the zoom function .	0
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing .	0
i , as many others , have waited for many years for the convergence of price , features , size and ease of use to hit that happy center point .	1
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .	0
- the unit is easy to use and intuitive .	1
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n 't .	1
it 's a very intuitive program .	1
if i had to do it over , i wouldn 't buy anything else .	1
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital . com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid .	0
despite a critical start , this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do ( which is pretty lofty ) . . . does more than most . . . does it well . . . is dependable .	1
once you set it up , it 's great .	1
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .	1
"i have had no problem either with backward compatibility , in that the "" mixed mode "" feature lets you both 54 and 11 mb cards off the router ."	1
i was some what sceptically when i seen the price deference between the other makers of comparable hp .	0
both the on/off switch ( soft start ) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand .	1
it 's easy .	1
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .	1
well , it was nice while it lasted .	1
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? .	1
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .	1
wish i could give it 4 1/2 stars .	1
cons : no am/fm radio tuner -- something a large number of compete tors are doing	0
when it 's working , it 's great but it is very temper mental .	1
it is hot enough to be annoying .	0
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .	1
the screen is quite big ( between all hand phone ) , but the just about 65000 color .	1
3 ) the champ is odor free for at least 15 months .	1
it is currently permanently mounted ( 3 years now ) in my router table and will most likely stay there until its shot .	1
the dvd player is fine .	1
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .	1
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays .	0
it works easily with one hand , which is important .	1
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it .	1
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to .	1
built like a tank , yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the leigh dovetail jig .	1
this one has a good looking .	1
the instant setup button in the front of the router messes up the network it is better to configure the router manually .	0
i noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too .	1
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .	0
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .	1
- equipment included is average , but that is n 't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for .	1
to install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called symantec or nortron , . . . also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted .	0
the picture quality surprised me , when i first saw this camera i saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good -- but i was wrong ! .	1
i would recommend this camera unequivocally ! .	1
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .	0
mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download .	1
it 's cute as anything and the glowing blue led looks super cool around the edges .	1
since i use it in a table , i don 't use the plunge feature , but if i ever need it i 've got it .	1
you won 't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks .	1
however , this product performed well below my expectation .	0
the plug er gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess .	0
i also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact ps cameras since it 's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot .	1
7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate .	1
the sound quality is very good .	1
they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don 't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer .	1
first of all , i 've never been big on earbuds - they 're just not that comfortable .	0
i love this camera ! .	1
also , for those that complain that the diaper champ isn 't as effective as time passes , keep the following in mind : as babies get older , their diets changes ( aka solid foods ! . ) and so does the smell of their diapers ! .	0
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .	1
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .	0
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .	1
the ones i 've kept ( porter cables , dew alts , bosch , and this hitachi ) have proven their worth over the years , however , when i need a real workhorse , i grab this router .	1
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n 't mind buying notmad .	0
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .	1
another thing you should know , the metal on the flip side of the ipod is very tacky , and scratches very easily .	0
i think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good .	1
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery	1
it is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great .	1
it is slow to initially start up , but once it 's turned on , i 've never had any complaints about the speed .	1
there is no photo viewing option , however , there is a 20 gb photo ipod , but it costs $20 more .	0
cranking the master volume level up past the mark of the bar only leads to distortion and compromised sound quality .	0
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .	1
nokia makes great phones , and this one is the cream of the crop .	1
oh . . . and file transfers are fast & easy .	1
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! .	0
the 6600 has more amenities than most - world phone , camera ( vga/zoom/night mode/timer ) , video ( w/ audio & zoom ) , speaker ( good sound ) , bluetooth , infrared , modem for computers , electronic wallet , internet access , calendar , calculator , converter and more .	1
* software is absolutely terrible :	0
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price .	1
the good : small size ; . durable-seeming metal case ; . easy to use ; . visually distinctive ; . good picture quality ; . fast usb connection ; . mostly intuitive operation ; . really cool photostitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas .	1
. lens cap is a really annoying	0
bottom line : if you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services , and are willing to deal with the possibility ( not the certainty ) of setup gremlins , by all means get the zen micro .	1
so far ( 3 weeks ) , we 've had no problems with the diaper champ at all .	1
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e . , mp3s ) .	1
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :	1
i must say , this one is quite slow to open an application .	0
the interface , while a bit confusing at first , is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes .	1
it had issues right off the bat , with freezing up , staying in 'shutting down ' mode , and just not functioning very well in general .	0
and the remote is cheap and ch easy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! .	0
perfect size ! . beats the competition by leaps and bounds .	1
nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception .	1
"i thought given all the "" 10 "" reviews about this camera that i would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey ."	0
on occasion i 'm not able to connect to the phone with isync via bluetooth but i found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem .	0
1 . the diaper champ doesn 't require special refills that are expensive and hard to find ! .	1
installation was as near automatic as can be .	1
my only significant complaint is sound quality .	0
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .	1
it 's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch .	1
first , i have to say that i have never had the slightest problem with this camera or the software .	1
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .	0
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera . .	1
at 128 the songs sound very good .	1
its just as fast as the included creative software , but much less invasive , and overall better looking .	1
the sliding latch is does not stay in place .	0
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .	0
the wizard is particularly sinister .	0
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n 't wash my car .	1
the fit and finish of the product is first-rate .	1
i find it pretty easy to use . . . and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) . . .	1
2 ) storage capacity	1
the one and most major thing that i was disappointed with , in this player , is the battery life .	0
the included headphones suck , so get your own .	0
the battery life is not that of the casio 's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opinion with the battery life you've got .	1
while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets .	0
don 't use them , so i delete them for addle space .	0
"it would just spin up and stop , and display "" no disc "" ."	0
overall , i highly recommend this phone .	1
update i knew that i loved the champ , and using the diaper genie at a friend 's house really reinforced that ! .	1
for purposes of clarity , here is my review from that product , edited to be appropriate for this product , since , for the most part , they share many of the same problems .	0
after 10 years , i now downloaded mccaffee 's product after calling their support . . . . they answered quickly , and for free , and were very helpful .	0
i 've only had this camera for a few days , but it 's been great .	1
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .	1
because of it 's hidden features ( no macro vision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .	1
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n 't cover up the ac jack .	0
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! .	1
- the software that came with it was tough to load .	0
i also wanted to switch to broad com hardware ( which the linksys uses ) because my wifi menisci card in my dell laptop with lucien silicon in it used 70% of my 1 . 2ghz laptop 's cpu when using the wireless at full speed .	1
"they said they would refund all the money , but a month later , they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "" handle "" and ship a cd ? . -- and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails ."	0
well , i have an ipod mini - and i really like it , but all in all , i like the zen micro more .	1
when you learn how to change some settings , you can make the quality even better	1
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .	1
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .	0
the phone is very light weight .	1
the main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients .	1
this wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer ( with photo quality paper ) .	1
i tried to do this by instinct and it 's not intuitive unless you are a network geek .	0
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .	1
imagine my disappointment , though , when the zen micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest fm signals in my area .	0
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! . ! . ! . ! . i love this phone ! . ! . ! .	1
the size is tiny , which i love .	1
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .	1
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .	1
the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood .	1
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) .	0
the linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a mac .	0
all in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment .	1
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom .	1
goes ~3 days after a charge .	1
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .	1
the problems i had installing norton extended way beyond what symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with .	0
also , diapers tend to stay in the middle , causing the pail to get backed up .	0
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .	1
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )	0
the photos in the address book are terribly scaled too ; . they look as though they were built out of lego's .	0
last , i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this .	0
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily .	1
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .	0
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .	0
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .	1
the service from the supplier was exceptional .	1
whatever . . . on to the negatives : -touchy about charging . . . you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it 's life if you don 't upgrade the firmware or dont ' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side .	0
creative has excellent music software , a very responsive tech support group ( they are quick on firmware updates , and make them publicly available ) , and usually a good array of accessories .	1
the sound is very nice .	1
2 . it can be operated with one hand - leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table .	1
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display	0
but i wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits .	1
also , the wma compression format is superior to mp3 , especially at lower bit rates , so i needed a player that could handle wma and integrate well with my windows xp computers .	1
the power , low noise operation , and speed control makes up for the problems i have experienced .	1
i even downloaded the product 's user manual - useless .	0
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes .	0
picture and video quality is ok .	1
the only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment .	0
"4- my idea was that it was an all-in-one , and that theory -once again- proves wrong , this phone ex cells at nothing , less than average in everything , if you seriously need any of the "" other than phone "" functionalists , you 'll be disappointed . . . . if you have lots of money and bought it for the love of gadgets then fine . . . . but don 't expect to get much done ."	0
the cons are n 't really a big deal to me . . . except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files . . . no folder structure . . . and it 's based on the title of the songs . . . many of my songs where separated into folders ( on the pc ) . . . and a few had same titles . . . so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n 't have any that might be the same as another .	0
speaking of battery , it 's removable and replaceable ! .	1
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600 . it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .	1
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .	0
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ) .	0
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .	1
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .	0
overall , a very disappointing product .	0
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .	0
all the good reviews for the sd500 are true .	1
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical	0
the interface works great .	1
long live apple , long live macs , and long live the ipod ! .	1
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .	0
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .	0
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warranty period is to expire .	0
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .	0
the supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre ipod buds .	1
it 's shorter , sleeker , more compact and fits comfortably in my small hand than the ipod . . . my nokia cell phone towers over this bad boy ! .	1
battery life is not long enough if and only if you take a lot of video clips and play it back on the camera a lot of times . . . the camera/battery gets a little bit warm too when you use it for a long time but it 's normal .	0
nothing but hassle with this company .	0
a sony erickson may be the phone for you . . . but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price .	1
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .	1
the nokia 6600 is a great phone , good games , good camera .	1
this program would not let me send outlook email or listen to audible sample books online .	0
i 'm an advocate of nokia , but this phone and the following models ( 7610 ) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .	0
this thing does everything but washes your dishes .	1
neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings .	1
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .	1
in conclusion , this player is beautiful .	1
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out .	0
after reading reviews of lcd problems , cracked , black blobs etc , i figured that it was probably a very limited problem .	0
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person .	1
but i was ready to upgrade and when i discovered that canon was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher resolution , i had to have the s100 .	1
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price .	1
i 've searched the program and their online tech support ( worthless ) and have found no solutions .	0
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .	1
"even the "" shorter "" battery life , though , has not impaired my positive experience with the zen micro in any way ."	0
the picture quality of this camera is outstanding ( taking its ' size and price into consideration ) .	1
wow - was that disappointing and we didn 't even have it 6 months before it broke .	1
if anyone is thinking of getting an ipod mini , forget it and go with this player .	1
i can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time , it is that simple .	1
all of the wireless components that i bought were a breeze to set up as well .	1
"working for 10 hours with it on "" shuffle "" totally rocks ! . ! ."	1
i am impressed with this camera inside and out .	1
although , i thought it could 've been designed a bit better .	0
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility .	1
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 .	1
gets nice sound too .	1
the only disappointment so far has been battery life .	0
the little bag it comes with is cheap and useless .	0
by far this seems to be the best value out there for the money ; . if you are undecided , the creative zen micro seems to be the best choice .	1
but canon never fails to amaze .	1
the creative zen micro is a zen micro killer , not an ipod killer .	0
if you are using linux , and you want to use gprs to connect to the net , i suggest this phone along with a belkin usb bluetooth adapter .	1
the panorama modes are wonderful .	1
i still can 't believe how fast it starts up .	1
i am very pleased with its quality and durability .	1
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .	0
the battery recharges raul fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .	1
this product is too fragile for normal use .	0
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .	0
there were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a soft copy manual , it did not give an answer readily on what do to .	0
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .	1
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^	1
i did n 't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out .	0
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .	1
i love this camera .	1
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .	0
the device looks very cool , i think ( exactly as the photos promise ) , it 's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket , and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice .	1
apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment , and surprisingly wasn 't as expensive as its reputation normally holds .	1
tough as nails .	1
i 'm not gonna go into the features cause if you 're reading this review , you 've probably already looked at them , but i must say the dj feature if very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus ! .	1
plus , the fact that it used regular trash bags is great .	1
this camera has a major design flaw .	0
this thing seriously is a good player though .	1
i love this player .	1
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .	0
other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won 't disappoint any already established nokia phone fans .	1
when you dial a number , you 'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct .	0
once it froze so bad i couldn 't even use the power button to turn it off , and had to open and take out the battery .	0
gets stinky after a few months , the seal on the piston doesn 't seal anymore .	0
i see many other reviews that say the same . . . . stay away from norton , they don 't deserve you , or anyone ! .	0
the phone can use any midi audio file as a ringtone .	1
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! .	1
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .	1
i finally got a free support number for norton through my usp support staff , but waited an hour or more for a voice .	0
as for bluetooth , no problems at all .	1
even when i set it to low , it 's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what i want it to do .	0
i give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user .	0
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good . . .	1
you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone .	1
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) .	1
this camera uses a lithium battery , i find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient ; . because what if you are on vacation , where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station -- there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there .	0
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .	1
* slick-looking design and improved interface	1
the ! . sound quality is great .	1
i love this pail ! .	1
"the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n 't as easy as the ipod 's , or as "" sexy "" looking ."	0
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .	1
we have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck ( we always wrap them in the dirty diaper ) .	1
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .	1
the songs recorded with fm are as good as the original signal .	1
the fm radio is cool .	1
a huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it .	1
this is my fourth linksys product and , aside from the rough start , i 'm very satisfied with this router .	1
there seem to be fewer collisions and dropped packets as i read from the router logs than with my old dlink router .	1
a digic ii-powered image-processing system enables the sd500 to snap a limitless stream of 7-megapixel photos at a respectable clip , its start-up time is tops in its class , and it delivers decent photos when compared to its competition .	1
for one thing , the diapers always get jammed in it .	0
your choice of ten colors in a beatiful package .	1
i am getting better speeds on all my web programs .	1
its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car over it .	1
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .	1
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .	1
anted to rate the router higher than 1 star , due to its security , easy of use , etc .	1
the bass is deep and the treble is clear .	1
my friend has an ipod , and although the sound quality probably won 't meet most audiophile standards , the product itself is better than anything creative has made .	0
finally , i gave up and i purchased a router racier .	0
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .	1
this is not a router i would suggest for a novice user , my old dlink di52 ! .	0
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times .	0
sharper pictures .	1
unit took forever since the beginning to recognize and play discs .	0
very simple and painless .	1
nis 2003 worked like a charm last year .	1
reset the network , tried the connection , and it 's working like a charm .	1
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n 't as easy as i would have liked .	0
you can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call .	1
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons .	0
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .	1
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .	1
i love the bluetooth ; . easy to use with a wireless abra headset .	1
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .	1
the total price with delivery ( free shipping ) was $135 ! .	1
power for the tech-savvy , ease of use for the less fortunate .	1
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .	1
b . fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2 . 4 hz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .	1
what the hell is wrong with this thing .	0
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .	0
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .	1
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .	1
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; . cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worth wile at the price .	1
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .	0
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .	0
it barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzes all over the player , because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart .	0
like other reviewers , installation was hell .	0
we use the cheap $1 . 99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around .	1
"there 's even an equalizer ( under "" settings "" ) that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic , bass booster , bass reducer , classical , dance , "" deep "" , and electronic ."	1
unfortunately , creative offered scant few pages of instruction , which meant that i was on own from the outset .	0
i have stored 40 audio cds and i still have close to 2 . 8 gb free .	1
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .	1
frankly , i think this is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware i 've ever used .	1
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .	0
the only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky .	0
it seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the micro to pull in a strong sound .	0
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .	1
the subscription files are still a little slower to transfer , but it 's only by about 10% or so .	0
if you are already using a previous version of nortron security and uni stalled it to install the new version , you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system ! .	0
its also smaller , and gets more looks .	1
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far .	1
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .	0
1 no direct firewire to the camera .	0
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured .	0
creative has put a lot of effort into making this player appeal to those true geeks that search for coolness and functionality in electronic devices .	1
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screen saver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc . )	1
the size of the camera is perfect .	1
"the diaper champ turns the smelly diaper into "" what diaper smell "" in less time than that ."	1
when the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money .	1
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ) .	0
) button sensitivity : even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting , the buttons are far two sensitive , really takes some getting use to , and even then , it is still too sensitive .	0
even though i have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer .	0
i would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn 't for the fact that i would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone .	1
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recommend www . no madness . net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .	1
"the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and so om not so good , but my feeling at this time is "" two thumbs up "" ! ."	1
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .	0
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing .	1
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks .	0
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .	0
a decent camera phone for taking quick pictures , movies , and having general all around fun with .	1
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable .	0
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version .	0
but , for the money it is a good machine .	1
- large easy readable screen	1
with the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn , it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones .	1
it also works just fine for international calls .	1
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .	1
we also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped .	0
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .	0
great quality picture and features .	1
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing .	0
i did notice if you turn the phone on and off the os takes a bit to load up and initially the menus are slower but once the phone has been on and booted up the menus are reasonably quicker .	1
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .	0
on the downside , i think the interface takes some getting used to and the zen software ! .	0
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds .	0
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .	0
i 've been incredibly happy with this camera .	1
as a computer , or pda its weak since the screen , while large by phone standards , is still tiny to really do anything on .	0
i found best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus , manual mode , iso 100 ( shorter aperture-time , so more often sharper images as with iso 50 ) , auto white balance ( auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras i have and they already do very-well ) .	1
works perfectly with my netgear wireless paramecia .	1
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .	1
i have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than i would have if i had purchased a single cheap reliant sharper .	1
apex sucks ! .	0
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product .	1
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! .	1
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stop action photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .	1
small size .	1
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results .	1
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .	0
and really this is the best phone one could have .	1
with the automatic settings , i really have n 't taken a bad picture yet .	1
finally , after about a week 's use , the screen started to freeze on me .	0
after installation , the very first time i booted up the creative mediasource organizer , intending to use its cd burning and ripping functions , it totally shorted out .	0
2 ) the champ uses regular store bags .	1
even with the waterproof housing it is small .	1
we just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are scented and they are like $6 . 00 and they work great .	1
i am happy with the fact that i can use any bag in there and dont ' have to pay out the nose for replacements .	1
"the dynamic playlists ( "" now playing "" , i be live creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate . . ."	0
"also , the display is "" hinged "" and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage ."	1
too costly and not efficient if you ask me ! .	0
1 ) price / gb of storage	1
and we definitely prefer our champ ! .	1
i have been very impressed with my purchase of the sd500 i bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it .	1
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on .	1
yes , the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in india , but the guy was easy to understand , and he helped solve the problem .	1
but be prepared to buy something else ( diaper genie ? . ) which can trap the odor better .	0
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .	1
this is ridiculous .	0
the moveable lcd screen is great .	1
i think it 's great .	1
all-in-all , its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use .	1
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .	1
this is the best phone i have seen .	1
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .	1
diaper champ is by far the best diaper pail ! .	1
) one outstanding positive feature is the battery . it holds a charge for a long time , longer than most other similar products and the user can replace it easily or take another along as a backup .	1
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .	0
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .	1
"because the "" engineers "" at creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack ."	0
the one i purchased for a friend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .	0
only 1 problem , no accessories . . . yet .	0
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .	0
the zen micro is near perfect .	1
user interface : the software is simple and straight forward .	1
if you currently own the 2003 version , and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version , don 't .	0
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .	1
the blue backlit lcd looks really neat and is easy to read .	1
i have transferred in about 2 , 400 tracks so far - very easy to use both the ipod and itunes .	1
i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size .	0
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! .	1
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .	1
other than that this thing is great . . .	1
by focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing , they have introduced a player that can look the ipod straight in the eye and not flinch .	1
all in all , this is a wonderful device .	1
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie levitt's , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .	1
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software .	0
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .	1
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .	1
other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better .	0
the setup software did everything .	1
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .	0
so , don 't buy this or upgrade .	0
this is a great diaper pail .	1
there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things .	1
great price .	1
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding .	1
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .	1
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .	0
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .	1
i do n 't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags .	1
apart from speed , the signal is consistent and works without interruptions , etc .	1
it feels tiny in the hand without it .	1
i 've had nokia 's for years , and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone .	0
for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price .	1
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n 't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera .	1
5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible .	1
"second , the "" automatic "" sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer ."	1
still has terrible software .	0
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons .	0
the hitachi is made in malaya , and looked cheap compared with the makita , which is made in the usa .	1
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n 't have them .	0
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .	1
) the zen micro appears sturdy and well constructed , hefty , if you will , far better than many of its competitors . .	1
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .	1
it 's so small .	1
"my "" fast forward "" button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go ."	0
the only con i can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera .	0
this really is a great little phone ; . its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! .	1
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone .	1
but i had to give you four because the service for my brand-new ipod was terribly slow .	0
3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players	0
and it 's the largest diaper pail i 've seen without taking up more floor space .	1
no matter how accustomed to the phone you become , too much time is required to get to , open and close applications .	0
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .	1
the only problem is the battery life .	0
i liked this one enough to buy another .	1
i 've had almost no problems with the firmware ( ie , lock-ups , shut-downs etc ) , but i have kept the player up to date .	1
the canon is very small , definitely pocket size , but still easy to hold firmly .	1
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! .	0
unless you have an enormous music/audio book library , the 20 gb model should have more than adequate storage capacity , with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs .	1
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .	0
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and br mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .	1
i can go pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly .	1
i 've always liked symantec products , except for this version 2004 .	0
the range is terrific , i am using this for my home and i was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard .	1
further , the tech specs suggest that it has better audio quality than the ipod .	1
you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy .	1
great features . . .	1
i can 't tell you how many times i 've chipped a nail or hurt my fingertips because of the force needed to open it .	0
for looks , well ipod is head and shoulders better , both the iriver and creative zen look positively ugly when next to a gleaming ipod .	1
what impressed me most was the sound .	1
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .	1
also , you have to use it with itunes - or they 'll sue , dammit ! . but itunes is about as good as anything .	1
excellent diaper disposal unit .	1
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .	1
has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousands of songs and organizes them great .	1
i prefer things that are simple .	1
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .	0
if you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you zen micro , expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big time . .	0
versatile and stylish .	1
i 've owned many norton products in my time , and for the most part , i 've been pleased with their performance .	1
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .	0
my first impression was positive .	1
this is a benefit for many reasons ; . one being just for appearance , your pants wo n 't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .	1
"difficult navigation - i wo n 't necessarily say "" difficult , "" but i do n 't enjoy the scroll wheel to navigate ."	0
start up is so quick	1
8- buttons are little , but if you have steady fingers and deal ed with a casio worst calculator watch , you can deal with almost anything .	0
i love the features on the ipod and the many things you can do with it .	1
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .	0
the sound is just fine .	1
my file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites .	0
- very long-lasting battery life	1
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .	0
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .	1
purchased this router a few months back , no problems whatsoever .	1
i love the features , the interface , the size ( the screen is a delight ) , the camera ( though i admit i 'm not much of a camera user -- so just a toy for me ) , the internet connectivity , the quality , etc .	1
it holds plenty of songs .	1
3 band and you can just change the sim card in it to be able to use it in europe with another service provider .	1
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! .	1
although it has chubby hips , the device isn 't really so big .	1
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .	1
having done all this , i was quite pleased to see that all corners i needed were decently covered by the signal .	1
noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah .	1
but it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2 . 1 mp camera .	1
negatives of the player itself : you need to do a little work before having full enjoyment of this player .	0
and also , since it is teri band and since it uses sim-card , you can just use it in europe and many other parts of the world , wherever gsm exists .	1
in the hands of someone who does n 't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .	1
but it wouldn 't let me turn the av protection back on and it wouldn 't stop with the alerts .	0
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .	0
you can 't do that with a sony t610 ( which i traded for a 6600 ) .	0
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! .	0
all in all suprisingly easy to use .	1
2 ) the delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots .	0
what an upgrade ! . ! . ! .	1
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .	1
norton 's memory usage on systems with 512 mb is very low .	1
a larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy .	0
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine .	0
overall , the micro is a solid device and i haven 't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood* .	1
with 40gb of storage i have about 7 , 500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2 , 500 more .	1
you can use the player to store your computer data files ( good feature to have ) .	1
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .	0
the setup works awesome , as with any tool i look closely at the individual tool for it 's merits , and not just the company as a whole .	1
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .	1
this camera is closest to perfect than any other diagram that is 4-5 megapixel .	1
dependability : i 've seen no glitches .	1
works great , no odor , and uses regular bags .	1
"from day one , we 've had hangups , crashes , glitches , continual reboots , long shutdowns due to "" cc app . exe "" program running which is a norton program ."	0
the best part about this router is now i have a dhaka server .	1
some adjustments in the settings could help make it better .	0
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting .	1
with the right firmware , drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive .	1
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3 . 5 ) , but unfortunately , i am returning it .	1
i love that you can create custom playlists , and organize music in so many different ways .	1
and it holds so much music and audio files .	1
while this phone obviously doesn 't have the same quality construction as motorola does , the nokia 6600 is one of the better phones i 've used .	1
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .	1
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .	0
it is not reliable .	0
lastly , the price is fantastic :	1
i bought this little guy a few weeks back , and i have to say that i never had so much fun with a new toy as this .	1
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .	1
it also does n 't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! . ! .	0
it has great incredibility .	1
no more banner ads , pop-ups , and the reliable antivirus .	1
5- excelent software package .	1
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n 't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there .	1
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .	0
linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of disco .	0
ripping the songs , even with my 1 . 1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good .	1
when i opened the box , i was shocked by the size of this thing . . . it 's tiny ! .	1
basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don 't and won 't need ( if you do get yourself a pda or pocket pc ) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .	0
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .	1
but you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars .	1
was a bit wary because the software is windows only and i have an mac .	0
i 've had no problems with the software .	1
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .	1
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; . however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .	0
the zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet .	0
but , i would definately recommend this phone .	1
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; . a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibels , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .	1
the zen was an impressive purchase and i would highly recommend it to anyone using napster .	1
the quick sync is n 't any good because it either needs to be configured properly or just is n 't very useful .	0
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .	1
but this by far is the best phone out there right now ! .	1
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n 't come in the overused blue .	0
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch .	1
it was easy to assemble , and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion .	1
this is a great product ! .	1
the more i work with it , the more i love it ! .	1
to set up the box , wap , and ether nest bridge , with the encryption on was less then 30 mins .	1
"it took me three days , to the tune of neil young 's song "" piece of cr -- ! . "" , to get this to work with the satellite hookup i was hired to connect this wireless network up to ."	0
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .	1
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .	0
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .	0
in a week of use i 've never had to reboot the router .	1
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; . my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .	1
sometimes when you press buttons , the menu appears after a second or two .	0
you can use it as a storage hard drive .	1
no in box accessories -- an arm strap , belt strap , case , or anything would be nice , but nope . . . moveable parts -- this makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th ; . with moveable parts , its easy to damage an ipod at a gym , so this is for more casual listeners ; . note the ipod mini doesn 't have moveable parts and is made of titanium .	0
there are 2 things that need fixing first is the battery life . it will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons .	0
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .	1
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .	1
also if you want a device that does so much more than the ipod mini but is at the same price , this is the player for you .	1
all i have to say is that the pics i get with my sd500 are both rich and color and high in detail , the user interface is awesome , the battery charger is tiny and super light and sd cards are relatively cheap and getting cheaper all the time .	1
fits well in hand in trouser pockets .	1
2 ) phone is awfully slow .	0
i love this camera .	1
now he res the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equalizer type deals on here .	1
color screen is good .	1
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface .	1
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n 't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .	1
"unlike some of the other people who received a "" lemon "" , my dvd player came in perfect working condition ."	1
this is the fourth version of systemworks and the second version of internet security that i have used and it has always been a favorite .	1
also much less stinky .	0
6- small but very clear tft screen .	1
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n 't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked .	0
some more manual control would have been nice .	0
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n 't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem .	0
another great feature for me anyway is the ability to load . wav sounds as ringers .	1
when i purchase software , i never want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry ! .	0
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! .	1
"i had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the norton firewall vs . the windows firewall , and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because i did not have a "" customer priority id number . """	0
after installation , which was very simple . . . . i downloaded any updated software from the creative website , before i downloaded any music .	1
the headphones have great sound and durability and mine came with some extras when i bought it ( a stand , a belt hook , charger ) that i know doesn 't come with every one .	1
"20 gb or 40 gb ? . the pros of the 40 gb : comes with a "" dock station "" and double storage space ( 10 , 000 songs ) ."	1
canon 's g3 does it consistently .	0
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .	1
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .	1
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .	1
the tech support is worthless too .	0
this product is a lifesaver ! . ! .	1
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .	1
got way too many blurry pictures .	0
with one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around , seamless bluetooth sync with microsoft outlook , support for thousands of applications for the symbian platform which this phone runs on ( i own the ir remote , iq and a few others ) , the nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from t-mobile that can claim such a distinction .	1
the ad-1600 did n 't work correctly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .	0
also , the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree .	1
"big lcd screen - at least for me , 2 "" is enough"	1
do n 't buy this player .	0
it uses the extend able mmc memory , it is perfect for storing videos , pictures and mp3s .	1
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! .	1
all the camera 's functionality is only available ( or selectable ) when the screen is functional .	0
i must say , i think this is the coolest camera i 've ever owned ! .	1
*the ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily .	0
all in all i am pleased with the router .	1
the price compared to the ipod is great .	1
i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it .	1
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .	1
compatibility with other devices is excellent too ; . i 've only found one 11b device that won 't work with its mixed mode ( and it won 't work with *anyone 's* mixed mode ) .	1
- the battery life leaves a lot to be desired .	0
door broke after a month .	0
it is some protection for the unit , but for use ability , forget it .	0
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this	1
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .	1
the two-times optical zoom operates smoothly and quietly , and lo and behold , a two-piece shutter-like cap automatically slides closed over the lens when you turn the camera off .	1
the manual is excellent .	1
we 've never experienced odor from the pail .	1
you have to purchase that separately for some outrageous cost .	0
all-in-all , creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features , and i look forward to the nomad/zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype .	1
to my amazement , even that process was error-prone .	0
the touchpad is great once you get used to it , and i much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels ( as on the dell dj for example ) .	1
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .	1
i feel much less likely to drop this phone than others , which are actually starting to get too small .	1
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .	1
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .	0
the product i rate five stars ,	1
i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product .	1
after research of other creative hard drive players , i found that most of them aren 't very durable and tend to crash ( read most reviews on amazon . com and see for yourself ) .	0
really easy to use .	1
its stable , so a curious toddler can 't easily tip it over .	1
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; . shutter delay is n 't so bad either .	1
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .	0
apple closed their island to anything that resembled microsoft , and clearly let napster know it could not use their products with napster 's services .	0
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .	0
as far as user interface is concerned , the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player , 'creative mediasource organizer ' .	1
i haven 't seen any problems yet , but if you don 't like to tinker a bit , this player can be a little challenging to set up .	0
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly .	0
the scroll wheel is finicky ; . it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; . new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; . some find it so frustrating that they just return the device .	0
i have about 6 gb used on my ipod so far ( well over 1000 songs ) , and as far as i can tell , all of them play at near-cd quality .	1
we keep the diaper champ in our daughter 's nursery and her room definitely does not smell like dirty diapers .	1
this player is absolutely phenomenal , i haven 't had any problems , and if you 're worried you will have problems , i suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways . . . i find the touch pad very easy to use , and i 'm surprised so many people have had problems .	1
the pop up blocker and anti-spam are bonuses .	1
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; . it does n 't show the complete file names of mp3s with really long names ; . you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc . ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .	0
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! .	1
the optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom .	1
too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time .	0
this is my second digital camera , but i 'm much more impressed with the canon s100 digital elph than i ever was with my kodak dc240 .	1
first , it serious , serious installation problems .	0
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared .	0
still , that 's enough time that i 'm still satisfied , if a bit grouchy with creative 's over hyped promises .	0
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .	1
i 'm not overly fond of green but when i used this hitachi m12v it turns out that now i 'm very fond of it .	1
night mode is clear as day .	1
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat . clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .	1
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .	1
really like it , easy to use , great images , very intuitive , fits in my jacket pocket .	1
the battery life on this phone is surreal .	1
i 'll be getting a second one for my router table ! .	1
for the price it is a well spent investment ! .	1
it is much easier to fill and unload than the diaper genie , plus , why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the dollar store ? .	1
i downloaded and updated the firmware , and followed the easy setup instructions .	1
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .	1
1-a cell phone is to make calls , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you 'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .	0
it is amazingly small , it 's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera .	1
i occasionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly ( yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode ) .	0
after a recent update , i can no longer open more then 1 browser window .	0
this did manage to cut the number of pop ups during start-up from 4 down to 2 .	1
why bother when it works perfectly with media player 10 ? .	1
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .	0
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .	1
screen review could be better .	0
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .	1
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .	1
however , i do n 't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n 't secure and the case can slip off .	0
but from my experience , by the time it gets to that point , the bag is really heavy , so i think this is kind of helpful- it 's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying .	1
nokia does not disappoint in this model .	1
after comparing the included creative earbuds directly against my sony md-e828lp 's and sennheiser mx-400 's , i find myself still using the creative 's , which in my opinion , sound every bit as good and have a slightly longer cord .	1
3660 had similar features , but that is big in size .	1
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .	1
but it ; . you won 't regret it .	1
it is a very amazing product .	1
it 's not the heaviest around ( i think porter-cable has that distinction ) , but i found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation .	0
no down time , great signal strength .	1
looks and shape : i have a black one and the first time i charged it and switched it on jeez the blue light looked so cool .	1
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well re cored mp3s .	1
as i said , i don 't regret the purchase at all .	1
it 's easy to use . not too small , and not too big .	1
as of october , 2004 , these products are not working and i 'm ready to demand a refund from symantec .	0
i don 't know why cnet says there is a problem with focus , i have all my pictures sharp and high quality .	1
it definitely keeps the smell out .	1
i 've had nothing but good luck with t-mobile .	1
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides .	1
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38 ; . t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .	1
this may be a really cool phone , but it 's not worth it with t-mobile .	1
if you can get one with all the accessories and a cheap extended warranty , this is the player to get ! . highly recommended .	1
"the headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "" ear buds "" ."	0
feature for feature , i find it a very sweet little player ; . equipped with a higher end headphone system , between this and th larger zen hardly use my home stereo system anymore .	1
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly	1
i will never buy their product again at this rate , and neither should you .	0
the thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome ! .	1
i also like the fact that you can edit your mp3 titles , etc .	1
as a loyal customer of norton/symantec products , i purchased internet security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product ( and hence the one star rating ) .	0
they are not wow able good .	0
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of .	0
i also love that you can flip the device with one hand . . .	1
the touchpad is annoying sometimes ( give me the click-wheel and pres sable buttons any day ) , but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying .	0
all of this said [as it 's on it 's way back to amazon] , the one song it did include provided far better sound than the ipod .	1
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .	1
i 've been using nis 2004 for about 2 months and it works well .	1
definitely a great camera .	1
the 6600 was the best phone i could find with these options that i could get with t-mobile .	1
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .	1
you 'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once .	0
it has a classic design yet looks hip .	1
this product is by far the best broadband router on the market , i bought this to replace one of those linksys instant wireless b routers , worked great for about a year .	1
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some .	1
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop	0
the instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the rp ms of the speed settings were mentioned .	0
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .	1
like most of their solutions ( which first blame other applications for errors ) , the tech persons line was that this was probably a microsoft error - it was not .	0
you do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the champ .	1
this player is fantastic in terms of audio quality , ease of use , and features .	1
this is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks .	1
i recommend t-mobile and the nokia 6600 without reservation .	1
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38 ; . phone lying by your pillow side .	1
one primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that i could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux , where soft modem drivers are hard to find , and don 't work very well .	1
this router does everything that it is supposed to do , so i dont really know how to talk that bad about it .	1
and best of all , no wasting money on special refill bags -- -this takes ordinary garbage bags ! .	1
everything else about the ipod is great , the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it .	1
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! .	1
it has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working ? .	0
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc . ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information .	0
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price .	1
this is the best purchase i 've made in a very long time .	1
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .	0
hard drive screws up occasionally	0
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .	0
this is due to the unusually slow autofocus system .	0
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .	1
the height adjustment works well- not perfect .	1
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .	1
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n 't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage .	0
a call to customer support ( got to a live person within a couple of minutes ) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance .	1
my experience with installation was quite good .	1
. images taken indoor were n 't so clear .	0
value : comparing data storage with price .	1
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy .	1
can 't get easier than that ! .	0
respectable , solid , but not awe-inspiring .	0
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .	0
the opening could be a little wider , i suppose , but i haven 't really seen anything else that could be improved .	0
it comes with an adapter to plug into the wall , which i hear is a step up from the other ipods , which require you plug it into a computer to charge it .	1
the in ital setup of the router was simple .	1
i was an early purchaser of the wrt54g , and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally , the march 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product ! .	1
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included .	1
( we wrap them nice and tight ) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags -- cheap ! .	1
essentially , the cd included with the package is , for the most part , worthless .	0
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes ! .	1
sending the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90 ) , the ability to record with a built-in microphone ( great for recording reminders and meetings ) , very sturdy construction , and not to mention . . . the sound quality is excellent ! .	1
7 picture quality is excellent .	1
i got a 1gb mmc upgrade for this phone and now i can :	1
if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket , take great pics and video , get the sd500 .	1
the touch sarene navigation will take a little getting used to , but once you do , and while the zen is still alive , it 's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the click wheel commies .	0
"update : the finish is more "" mirror "" than silver -- and i like it ! ."	1
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .	1
picture quality 's great for still and video with sound .	1
linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding .	1
initially , i was very impressed , after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but then it would lock up on me and a battery removal remedied this , i then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright .	1
the instructions that come with it do n 't explain how to make things simple .	0
it works well with my vip adapter , which is also a linksys .	1
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .	0
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .	0
you can turn this phone into a gaming machine , a camcorder or a digital camera , an mp3-player , a movie viewer , a voice recorder , a personal secretary , a gaps map browser , a book , a multifunction remote controller , practically everything that you can do with the computer , plus it is a phone ( ! . ! . ) and also you can carry it in your pocket : ) .	1
reliability & build i dropped the player once from about 4 ft , and it fell hard , but kept on playing .	1
next , the big reason not to buy any norton product : if there 's a problem with it , norton charges $30 to even tell them about it .	0
i upgraded from a very small 3 . 2 max camera to this camera with great results .	1
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .	1
there isn 't much features on the ipod at all , except games .	0
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .	1
video output stopped working .	0
"my ipod freezes occasionally , which is especially annoying when you 're in the middle of a game of "" brick . "" *"	0
but the major problem i had was with the software .	0
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong .	0
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .	0
: ! . ok , score 7 . 0 oh yes , the newest color of this phone is quite cool .	1
i am giving a zero star to symantec for this version ! .	0
i highly recommend this phone .	1
bottom line great phone for the time being .	1
it is the 'first generation ' of the player , and while i still agree that it is a great alternative to the ipod , i think there are many others that would be a much better value for your buck .	0
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .	1
i am now staring at an array of stuff including zen micro player , stereo earbud headphones , a rechargeable lithium-ion battery , an ac/dc power adapter , a usb 2 . 0 cable , a belt-clip , a stand , a stylish cloth pouch , an installation cd , a quick-start guide , and creative mediasource software .	1
it films 10 second video , for crying out loud .	1
im at full capacity ! . ! . ! . ! . i called syman tic and they said they don 't know why but i should get tech 's support at $35/hr to help ! . ! . i did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes until i hung up ! .	0
as with most headphones that come with any type of music player , i recommend throwing these into the nearest river , unless you like having hard , round pieces of plastic in your ears .	0
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .	1
in addition , i don 't believe that it is odorless .	0
where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable ( and they included a second one free ) .	0
i have read the installation instructions for both nis 2004 and navy 2004 prior to installation , but still ended up with the same result . . . junk software .	0
the only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming .	0
in auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera .	1
however , the battery life is good enough you should n 't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .	1
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! .	1
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image	0
- some features in the user interface	0
it is crystal clear .	1
memory/storage - seemingly boundless .	1
it also holds a lot more diapers .	1
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display .	0
it 's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool , and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great .	1
i 've had this player for more than 4 months and i 'm very happy with it .	1
my old siemens s56 , on the other hand , worked beautifully with all of the above .	0
i wanted standard memory expansion ( cf cards ) , macro mode , and if possible , a waterproof housing ( for kayaking ) .	1
limitations : - not a lot of original accessories like the ipod .	0
it is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad as some porter cable models i tried .	1
i just replaced my old linksys router with this one , turned everything on in the right order , and it was up and running with no problems .	1
cons - difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as i was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor .	0
even though you could get a cheap router these days , i 'm happy i spent a little extra for the linksys .	1
do n 't buy this player .	0
we just use the glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from target and they work wonderfully .	1
it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full .	0
there will be much erasing of text as , one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters .	0
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperture priority , light metering adjustments , etc . , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .	1
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image ! .	1
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my counter top and also to listen to my old 8-track records .	1
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) .	0
-user 's guide doesn 't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website .	0
after 4 attempted installs , i have finally given up .	0
the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy .	1
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .	1
4 . the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) .	0
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it .	1
the colors are a joke , and i personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad .	0
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukebox ed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) .	1
"this is a nice feature ( i . e . it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to "" easy listening "" rather than "" heavy metal "" - no problem ."	1
"all the "" cool "" features of the mini , but with 20gb instead of 5 ."	1
features : really , there aren 't any features , unless you call the games a feature .	0
i thought this camera was awful and i did tons of research on cnet and other sites .	0
too bad they don 't mention anything about how the cd can 't be used with a mac .	0
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .	0
the software failed repeatedly .	0
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .	1
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .	0
the phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display , long rundown time and a good software suite .	1
have had problems since the first day	0
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n 't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .	0
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings .	0
this is a really great buy , for yourself or as a shower gift .	1
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .	1
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .	1
creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean .	1
this product is amazing and better than the ipod you can get at the same price .	1
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .	0
it 's still alive , still kicking , and still playing .	1
in minutes i was easily navigating through the menus .	1
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email .	1
even with that , i highly recommend this router - outstanding performer .	1
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .	1
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .	0
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .	1
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .	1
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is .	1
i 've had it for a week now , do n 't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .	1
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .	1
the new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process .	1
if compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera , the canon powershot s100 digital elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design .	1
norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products , but with this one , they have fallen off the cliff .	0
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up .	1
fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the met 60 ct-4 .	1
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .	1
1 speakers at home , i rarely use it with the earbuds , though they are much better than the ones you normally get with other mp3 players .	1
the fm tuner , the 5g of storage , and the removable disk are all great features .	1
transferring files couldn 't be easier thanks to the included software bundle .	1
i also had no problems installing or running the camera software on my pc .	1
amazon is awesome ! .	1
t610 supports only midi files .	0
so far the software for the pc works easily .	1
so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a hard drive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing .	1
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .	1
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .	0
overall an excellent phone .	1
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .	1
anyway , my wife got this for me for my birthday and i love the thing .	1
it is n 't big and offensive , though you would n 't know it by looking at the pics it takes .	1
fm tuner & microphone : having a tuner in the player is a blessing .	1
"i particularly like the "" txt "" file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take ."	1
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .	0
norton internet security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations .	0
it 's easy to use ( just a flip of the lid , and the diaper is gone ! . ) .	1
i also put a bend in the wrench so i can remove and install bits from the top of the table .	0
"i don 't have problems with the depth adjustment , the speed control , the collet ( i haven 't tried the 1/4 "" sleeve yet ) ."	1
i got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags .	1
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .	0
everything , so far , has worked flawlessly .	1
in addition , i do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours , and it can take four hours for a full charge .	0
i replaced it with a router raiser and it works much better .	0
i was looking for something that wasn 't too complicated to use and to help the pics i post on ebay show more detail .	1
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .	0
if you 're looking for a 3hp plunge router , the hitachi m12v is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget .	1
the af feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .	1
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n 't played with it too much on manual .	1
great screen and great sound .	1
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .	1
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .	1
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .	0
after consulting with creative 's customer support , they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair , which would cost me $40 , since it 's past the 90 day warranty ( pretty short warranty ) .	0
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc . , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .	1
this camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact , take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot .	1
it really is the perfect travel camera , plus it offers the convenience of digital photography .	1
can recommend the hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on amazon it is a bargain .	1
i was up all night trying to make the stupid thing work , to no avail .	0
this time , it started the installation process , then i left for work . i think it will work . i hope it will work .	0
the zen plays mp3 , wma and wave formats , which makes it more versatile than the ipod .	1
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .	0
you need the software to actually transfer files	0
after upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine .	1
it feels like i 'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service , even though i 'm running a dell 2ghz pentium 4 with 256mb memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year .	0
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck	0
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .	0
however , in my mind , $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 months .	0
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk .	0
now this router is not the cheapest on the market .	0
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .	0
upon opening the box i was confronted with this small cute little mp3 player .	1
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .	1
flawless .	1
in fact , people who have been present while i changed my almost 3 month old son 's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent ' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once i dispose of the diaper in the diaper champ .	1
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .	1
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .	1
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .	0
6 . play game boy color games on it with go boy .	1
do not buy this product --	0
when the overall image quality ( especially natural colours , details , natural looking of the pictures ) is the most important thing , then this camera its top notch and very impressive .	1
i also removed the springs in the plunge tubes to make it easier to raise .	0
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control .	0
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .	1
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned .	1
i got this phone yesterday and didn 't find any problems with it yet .	1
1- small .	1
it 's overkill for simple snapshots , unless you 've got way too much money to blow .	1
so far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections .	1
the included earphones are pretty good - my advice ? .	1
great picture quality - in automatic mode , quality is great .	1
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .	1
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly .	0
norton support is completely pathetic .	0
there is no fm tuner , while there is no fm tuner on the creative zen ( on the micro version of the zen there is a tuner ) , the iriver h10-20gb , the rio karma , and the audio x5 have fm tuners .	0
i then tried to set up the router through linksys 's browser interface , but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation cd , i had little luck - i did manage to connect briefly , but the connection kept dropping , and with no idea of how to resolve that issue , i gave up .	0
the soft start is nice .	1
another plus in my book , no file limits ! .	1
the service from t-mobile is very good too .	1
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; . when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; . if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n 't even notice the click .	1
the touch pad is over-sensitive , and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive .	0
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .	1
excellent range of metering options as well .	1
overall , if you know what basic steps to take , it was not difficult to connect , and the s/w worked well to connect .	1
otherwise , i am extremely please with the creative zen micro 5gb mp3 player .	1
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .	1
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .	1
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .	1
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product .	0
on the whole , i 'm quite happy with the purchase .	1
but like i stated , its better then a trash can , but i 'm not sure if its better then the diaper genie .	1
the storage capacity is great for me --	1
but if you use all bluetooth accessories , as i do , its really not an issue .	1
overall it is the best camera on the market .	1
slow-syncro flash , macro/infinity mode , etc .	1
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .	1
it has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside .	1
it it is a bit heavy for hand held work , but any router this size will be .	0
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .	1
speaker phone quality is good , and poping in a 512mb mmc card , it rocks ! .	1
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped .	0
i bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and i absolutely love it ! .	1
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .	1
i find this to be a great feature .	1
anything this phone does , it does perfectly .	1
) worst feature possible , this alone makes it rate one star : what 's up with no recharge cord ? .	0
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .	1
i 'm sure i don 't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers , but i really like it ! .	1
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .	1
my brother had an old linksys b band wireless router in his home and it was like magic .	1
the only knock i have is that the flash is underpowered .	0
this is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment .	0
weak points : - touch pad : design could be better - volume control : controlled through the vertical strip , but purchasing a headphone with built-in volume control will do the trick .	0
i am an it professional and have used norton for years , but this product is a complete and utter dud .	0
this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod .	1
stay away from this junk .	0
however since this router is backward compatible , that doesn 't pose a problem at all .	1
price ! .	1
the hitachi m12v is a dream to work with , smooth starts , adjustable speeds , micro-adjustable depth , and plenty of power to spare .	1
the power is incredible , it cut through md and plywood like butter .	1
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , rivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .	1
i already knew something was wrong , because much of the spam i 've seen in the past six months was from resellers of norton products .	0
the photostitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots .	1
the view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer .	1
our norton internet/av 2004 was terrible right from the get go , so i 'd think that if steelworks is ok now , it should remain ok .	0
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .	1
so much safer than the others that require a two handed operation ! .	1
touch ups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .	1
only then did i learn the truth -- this phone does not work with palm pdas ! .	0
my old sony ericsson t610 has this feature .	0
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones .	0
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! .	1
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; . this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .	0
what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off .	0
the speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool ( screwdriver or dowel rod ) to effect any speed change .	0
it has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we 've ever tested .	1
i bought this camera two days ago , and i 'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money .	1
great colors , pictures and white balance .	1
if you are looking for an upgrade , this is definitely the phone for you .	1
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice verse ) was easy too .	1
- looks sleek , compact , has a radio .	1
it has never worked .	0
the battery is also convenient , but could have been better , such as the zen touch 's battery ( but at least this one is removable ) .	1
so much packed in a small case and very affordable ! .	1
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .	0
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .	1
again , every review written about the tech line is true . . . after waiting close to 45 minutes i finally spoke to a rep .	0
the door would not close .	0
the battery life seems good , takes very little time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .	1
the setup was very easy .	1
the wrt54g offers excellent security features and much more ( and easier ) configuration menu that i didn 't even need a manual to setup correctly .	1
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line .	0
i was looking for a phone which synced with mac osx using bluetooth , had decent battery life , could check email , had good reception , nice screen size and was durable ( i break often break small gadgets )	1
i have been impressed with the power of the hitachi m12v .	1
it 's easy and really works , with some incredible range .	1
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n 't figure out a way to break it .	0
this is one of the best purchases we made .	1
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . .	0
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .	1
both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best .	0
some features that the 'zen micro ' has that sold me on my purchase include : a 5g hard drive . . . actually an sd flash card drive . . . very large and much more than actually needed , the ability to sync with microsoft outlook 's calendar , the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours ( i can change the battery myself for about $40 to buy vs .	1
i finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with napster 2 go . . . . which is a subscription service , allowing me to download as much music as i want for a $14 . 95 flat fee .	1
i tell you now , after lot of shooting in many different situations , this camera is amazing .	1
very good balance in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models .	1
i think the os and controls are very well thought out and although i 'll admit i was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the micro , the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so .	1
there is no way you can talk with customer care about this .	0
but my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design .	0
being a very economical person , i appreciate the fact that any plastic bag can be used with this system- i never did like the prospect of buying special diaper genie refills .	1
the i-pod is the best thing i have ever used .	1
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .	1
i thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time .	0
because this camera is beautiful .	1
then the most disappointing was trying to use viper raised panel bits that just barely fit , and i mean just barely .	0
i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips , i give it 5/5 stars = ) oh and btw , while you take video clips , you can zoom it too ! . ( digital zoom only though ) . . . but still . . . ( my old one can 't do that . . . you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip . )	1
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggravation of getting the player to do it 's job .	0
all that said , i am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera .	0
it 's easy to install the security on this product but linksys doesn 't do a good job of explaining why its important .	1
it 's too bad , though , that ! .	0
the earbud headphones are really nice .	1
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .	1
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .	0
5 . check traffic411 . com for la traffic on the 405 .	1
all the buttons & necessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .	1
this is a great deal , and i 'm elated with my decision to go with hitachi 's green machine .	1
this is overall the best point and shoot camera i 've used .	1
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .	1
the more i use it and figure out how to do things , the more i like it .	1
the internet connection would go down every 5 mins when i used it with a p2p program called bit spirit .	0
if you want to work wirelessly , this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now .	1
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .	0
- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n 't sure how long it would last .	0
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .	1
"warning ! . the windows "" remove program "" feature does not do a good job of this , and neither does norton 's own removal program ."	0
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .	1
i had never liked the idea of the diaper genie because of the refills .	0
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .	1
they say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact .	1
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n 't complicated to learn at all .	1
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) .	1
"while i was trying to play half life 2 it started popping up with "" alerts "" every twenty seconds ( literally ) , warning me my antivirus protection was off ."	0
other plusses : changeable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod .	1
we bought this about 6 months ago and it 's been worthless .	0
ball metaphor : i was hoping creative hit a home run here , and i think the zen micro is more like a stand-up double .	1
it is mindless to operate .	1
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .	0
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .	1
i love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it .	1
it fits comfortably in my hand and pocket .	1
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus . for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n 't bother , this is a much better buy .	1
am so glad i bought this camera .	1
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .	0
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .	0
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .	1
+sorts music by artist , album , genre , etc . . . it 's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you 're looking for .	1
mediasource did not recognize my tags ! .	0
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; . the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world .	1
3 . bags are easy to change .	1
download it fast to your computer	1
while transferring songs to the player , the interface has crashed a few times ( 4-5 times in a 4-5 hour period ) normally this would cause me major concern , but it appears that this bug is reproducible , which leads me to believe that creative will fix it with a patched version shortly ( or maybe it 's just my computer ) .	0
the other thing i do n 't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated .	0
camera is a paper weight .	1
my last simpler nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use .	0
all in all , it 's a good router if you don 't have the cash for a speed booster one .	1
luckily , with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing ! . it is indeed worth nothing .	1
the phone is sturdy .	1
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .	1
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway .	0
i take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice .	1
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .	0
again , the headphone jack on this thing is garbage .	0
they have a good concept here , and i normally expect a lot better quality from creative , so maybe they will do better with the next gen version , but for now i say buyer beware .	0
one cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem .	1
"you can "" disable "" some of the individual components , but don 't be fooled -- they 're still there and running ."	0
they are a royal pain to install , and don 't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all .	0
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .	1
you 'll love it ! .	1
good sound -- plays very nicely , even though the stock headphones are kind of weak durable -- not the most durable because its mostly plastic , but very compact and sturdy	1
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play .	1
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1 . 1 usb ) .	1
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n 't like it too but no harm done since i always use the cam ea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n 't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; . that is what lamest exactly ot the picture .	0
overall , this product is awesome .	1
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .	1
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .	1
finding all the albums , songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig ( well 18 gig ) worth of music .	1
not only is it inconvenient , but also the battery life span is short .	0
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .	1
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm .	0
and the tech writers have made the installation process so easy for people lick my aunt to follow .	1
this is a fantastic tool to use .	1
solid , squeak-free , large screen .	1
i must have gotten a good one .	1
it is nokia and thus easy to access the menu options .	1
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n 't purchase it .	0
the router has plenty of power for any type of bit or wood i need to cut , and the speed control knob is easy to get to .	1
t-mobile wasn 't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate .	0
so loud , really , that it does n 't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .	0
for the most part this is a good dvd player .	1
"putting the micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything ( unless the hold feature is improved : it asks if you want to "" unholy "" for every button up press ) second , i 'm worried about the durability of the player ."	0
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .	1
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .	0
i 've have many nokia 's and while this is the best for features , it 's the worst as a phone .	0
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .	1
the battery is nice .	1
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers .	1
i am really impressed by this dvd player .	1
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .	0
the new hardware version does not run linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half .	0
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n 't blind you when you stare too long .	1
you can 't change the battery , so i don 't know what i 'm going to do in a year or so .	0
it works with a minimum of fuss .	1
i purchased this camera before it went on sale , and while i wouldn 't have minded keeping the extra $$$ , it was definitely worth it .	1
i still need to read up on some of the security settings , etc to fully understand all that 's up there , but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared to the speed boost router .	1
the auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds .	0
doesn 't have alot of good games on it .	0
i purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the ct people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed .	1
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .	1
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .	1
and if you 're a mac user like me , they 've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative .	0
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .	1
overall i like it .	1
it looks great - and is loaded with features .	1
after a week i tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn 't do anything but turn on my player .	0
downloads are a snap and quick .	1
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mils ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .	0
overall , it 'll make my move that much easier knowing i don 't have to worry about connectivity .	1
if you do n 't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they can not be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders .	0
the latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of the states but still operates in many countries , excluding new zealand and australia .	1
this is the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to :	1
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .	1
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .	0
second , the setup cd actually worked perfectly .	1
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints .	1
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n 't work ! .	0
- solid , high-quality construction	1
the cons , at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth .	0
it 's being used daily and i have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers ( headphone jack , player locking up , etc ) .	1
thank you apple ! . you make fabulous products .	1
this one has a color display , which i like a lot , being very visual .	1
this is my first mp3 player and i am so impressed with what such a small device can do .	1
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1 . 1 or 2 . 0 .	0
works great ! . ! . ! . ! .	1
smaller size , 1 gb of more space , radio , voice recording , removable battery , cooler look , all in one .	1
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature . . . but not on this player . . .	0
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .	0
the machine itself seems fine , but the software that came with it is awful .	0
the battery is removable .	1
the diaper champ couldn 't be easier to use .	1
it 's a highly rated , kick ass firewall program that 's bundled with the venerable norton antivirus , plus extras ( like norton antispam & norton parental control ) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access .	1
i have never had this problem with any other software on my computer .	0
this is an excellent router for the money .	1
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision .	1
i 've taken about hundred shot with the canon , in varying lighting situations , all in auto mode , and not one blurry picture ! . ! . ! .	1
no one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor . '	1
the software has been installed on windows 95 , 98 , 2000 and xp and i haven 't had any problems with it .	1
it will not replace your high-end 35mm slr but it 's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots .	1
however , the ipod does not come close to the number of extra features that the 'zen micro ' has to offer .	1
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; . not sensitive enough at others .	0
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .	1
but this does work even if you turn off the lcd viewing -- great battery saver .	1
when i went to put in the new sd card i looked at the lcd screen -- cracked -- and the fluid gave a jackson pollock type appearance to the screen , black and blue and purple blotches and streaks -- useless .	0
for the price i don 't think you can beat it .	1
. this camera keeps on outfoxing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped .	0
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .	1
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i . e . organizer ) , and the radio ! .	1
i would give it about 6 or 7 hours , although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles .	0
"i will never use all the "" whistles and bells "" this machine is capable of ."	1
i wash ours out with lysol each time i empty it , and that helps , but when its hot out- well , just be prepared .	0
however , the battery life isn 't as good as i would like .	0
it is buggy , slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user .	0
with the ipod , you can also store documents and contact files ( from programs such as microsoft outlook ) when it 's connected to your pc as an external hard drive .	1
one caveat i have is that i understand the ipod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved .	0
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! .	1
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow .	0
2- excellent picture quality and so simple to use ! . ! . ! .	1
4- looks great .	1
it powers up quickly , so you won 't miss that quick shot .	1
one complaint . . . the screen is too easily scratched ! .	0
however , if there was one thing i liked about the creative , it would be the car adapter .	1
the box included a little polyester , pull-string bag , ( yes , you read right a bag , something a boy would carry ten marbles in ) and tries to pass it off as the case .	0
overall , a good buy for the price .	1
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .	1
a great camera , but here are some points which i don 't notice in most of the reviews here , which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer :	1
this phone is not suitable for fast people , maybe only for old people .	0
. itunes -- this is a love-hate relationship program ; . usually people with mac like this program than people with a pc , but depending on your computer expertise , this could be a difficult program to use , and it is required for an ipod .	1
the only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full .	0
the other pail i used started to smell after 2 weeks of use .	0
long reboots due to norton taking forever to boot .	0
the nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smart phone line .	1
friends told me that the diaper genie did not work very well , so bought the diaper champ based on on-line reviews and i have been happy with it .	1
however , i suspect that many people are having a bad experience -- do not purchase this product .	0
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .	1
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thus far ) .	1
few month ago , it 's very popular among my community .	1
the software that comes with the digital elph is very nice and intuitive .	1
it seemed as if we were emoting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless .	0
i will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward , although you do need an external smut server to use .	1
the lcd screen was very large and readable .	1
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .	1
while the perfect odor free diaper pail has yet to be invented , the diaper champ is a good as it gets .	1
i registered for this item because of the good reviews it got , however i was not impressed .	0
this new click wheel ipod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection .	1
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .	0
"we tried the "" finding memo "" dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason ."	0
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .	0
not only is it much more cost effective ( you can use regular trash bags rather than refills at $5 a pop ) , it is easier to use and clean , and has a larger capacity .	1
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon . never knew i could love a digital camera so much .	1
i 've dropped the device several times onto hard surfaces , and it still works flawlessly .	1
i loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and , very importantly , the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous .	1
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens ti gt and cause potential damage .	0
i am enjoying my phone a lot . . . .	1
the biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin 's player was relatively new , it was riddled with scratches .	0
only thing i don 't like about it is slow in changing apps , boot up , and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth .	0
so-so 1 . customer service - 6 calls half were efficient other half were equally incompetent .	0
i am glad that i do not work for norton .	0
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .	1
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k . reeves .	1
there are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact .	1
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .	0
software - music match jukebox is n 't the greatest , the search function is n 't fast even when accessing it with the hot key shortcut .	0
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .	1
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ah wile .	0
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .	1
there are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be text ed to you at no cost .	1
i love the camera .	1
combine this with the excellent price we got in the gold box , and i 'm really happy .	1
but for now it appears that this player does n 't play well with itunes .	0
"the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful "" scene "" mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc . , are endless ."	1
