document	label
How does a scientific calculator work ?	0
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?	3
What animal has killed the most people ?	1
What city is found in the city of OZ ?	4
What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?	2
What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?	1
Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .	3
A corgi is a kind of what ?	1
What currency does Argentina use ?	1
Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?	4
The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?	1
What do you call a group of geese ?	1
What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?	3
How far is the service line from the net in tennis ?	5
How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?	5
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?	4
What is the tallest mountain ?	4
What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?	3
What does verdandi mean ?	0
Who discovered electricity ?	3
What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?	4
Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?	1
What is the average life span for a chicken ?	5
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	5
What 's the Red Planet ?	0
What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?	0
How do cameras take pictures ?	0
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?	0
What animal do buffalo wings come from ?	1
Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?	3
What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?	5
What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?	1
Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?	3
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?	0
What are Halloween 's colors ?	1
What is goldenseal ?	0
Which president was unmarried ?	3
What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?	1
What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?	3
Where are the busiest ports in the world ?	4
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	5
What 's the second-lightest element ?	1
Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?	1
What is the Jewish bible called ?	1
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?	1
What English queen had seventeen children ?	3
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?	3
What city was President William McKinley shot in ?	4
What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?	1
Who discovered radium ?	3
What are some of Australia 's native flora ?	1
Madonna hocks which soft drink ?	1
What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?	3
What breed of hunting dog did the Beverly Hillbillies own ?	1
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?	1
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?	3
What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?	1
Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?	3
What year did Hitler die ?	5
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?	3
What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?	1
What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?	5
Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?	4
What is Muscular Dystrophy ?	0
What 's a water funnel ?	0
What is the 401 , K , plan ?	0
Where is the largest dam in the world ?	4
What is LMDS ?	2
What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 : 24 ?	1
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?	4
What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?	4
How far away is the moon ?	5
What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?	5
What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?	1
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?	5
What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?	1
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?	3
What 's an auberge in France ?	0
What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?	4
What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?	1
How can I get started in writing for television ?	0
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?	0
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?	3
Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?	3
What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?	1
Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?	3
Where did George of the Jungle live ?	4
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?	3
What is the statue of liberty made of ?	1
Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?	3
What is the term for a group of geese ?	1
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .	3
What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?	1
Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?	3
What is the best-selling book of all time ?	1
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	0
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?	5
What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?	0
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	4
What is difference between a poster and a print ?	0
What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?	5
What city 's newspaper is called `` The Star '' ?	4
What is the meaning of Jesus ?	0
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?	3
Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?	3
What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?	2
How big is the largest diamond ?	5
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	5
How do you tell somebody you like them ?	0
How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?	5
Where is the human skin least sensitive ?	1
Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .	3
What does a barometer measure ?	1
What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?	3
Where do chihuahuas come from ?	0
What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?	1
How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?	0
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?	0
What does IBM stand for ?	2
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?	3
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?	3
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?	0
How does hair curl ?	0
What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?	3
When was China 's first nuclear test ?	5
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?	5
What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?	1
How many four star generals were there and who are they ?	5
Who does data collection in tourism ?	3
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	3
What is a fear of being dirty ?	1
What are dingoes ?	0
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?	4
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?	0
How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?	5
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?	0
Why did the chicken cross the road ?	0
What city does Orly Airport serve ?	4
How do I find a web address for a company ?	0
What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?	5
What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?	1
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?	0
What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?	5
What is the chunnel ?	0
George Bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team ?	3
What is neuropathy ?	0
How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?	5
What is the melting point of copper ?	5
How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?	5
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?	3
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?	5
Who was the first animal into space ?	1
How many languages are there in the world ?	5
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?	0
How does color affect a person psychologically ?	0
What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?	1
What country borders the most others ?	4
Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?	3
What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?	5
What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?	3
Who was William Henry Harrison ?	3
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?	4
What is The Gay Science ?	0
When was President Kennedy shot ?	5
Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?	0
In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?	1
What is paracetamol ?	0
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?	0
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?	1
Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?	4
What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?	3
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?	0
When was Yemen reunified ?	5
Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?	3
What was the first video ever made ?	1
What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?	4
Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?	3
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?	2
Who won Ms. American in 1989 ?	3
What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?	0
What is the longest word in the English language ?	1
Who is the congressman from state of Texas on the armed forces committee ?	3
Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?	3
What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?	3
What is the largest office block in the world ?	4
What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?	0
At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?	1
How do I give a good massage ?	0
What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?	5
What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?	4
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	5
What is the name of Jamiroquai new album ?	1
Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?	0
What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?	1
What year was the NAACP founded ?	5
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?	3
What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?	1
How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?	5
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?	0
Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?	3
What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?	0
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?	0
What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?	5
How does rabies spread ?	0
What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?	1
What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?	3
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?	3
What is hybridization ?	0
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?	3
What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?	4
Where is the volcano Mauna Loa ?	4
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?	0
What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?	1
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?	5
What 's the world 's most common compound ?	1
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?	4
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?	0
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?	4
What does BMW stand for ?	2
How can you be happy ?	0
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?	1
What is form drag ?	0
What does EKG stand for ?	2
What person 's head is on a dime ?	3
Name a French fascist party .	3
What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?	4
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?	5
How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?	1
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?	5
What is the Milky Way ?	0
What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?	5
Who made the rotary engine automobile ?	3
What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?	1
Where is the Orinoco ?	4
Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?	3
What are pediatricians ?	0
Who was the first US President to ride in an automobile to his inauguration ?	3
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?	3
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12	1
What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?	1
Who invented the telephone ?	3
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?	1
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	3
In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?	0
What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?	0
What are the Urals ?	0
Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?	3
What is a fear of going to bed ?	1
What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?	3
What do flatfish eat ?	1
Which country gave New York the Statue of Liberty ?	4
How does lightning travel ?	0
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?	3
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?	4
Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?	3
When did Jaco Pastorius die ?	5
Where did the name root beer come from ?	0
What currency does Luxembourg use ?	1
What is Remembrance Day all about ?	0
What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?	1
What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?	0
What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?	0
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?	1
What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?	3
How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?	0
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?	3
How much fiber should you have per day ?	5
What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?	1
What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''	1
What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?	3
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?	0
What is the capital of Italy ?	4
What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?	1
What is foot and mouth disease ?	1
Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?	3
What two major world religions began in India ?	1
What plant is rum made from ?	1
What does a chiropodist treat ?	1
How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?	5
What is the location of Lake Champlain ?	4
What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?	1
How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?	0
What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?	1
What year did Oklahoma become a state ?	5
How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?	5
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?	4
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?	1
What country is famous for Persian rugs ?	4
What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?	1
What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?	1
What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?	1
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?	3
How is an executioner determined ?	0
What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?	1
How many sides does an obelisk have ?	5
What scale measures earthquakes ?	1
Who was the 22nd President of the US ?	3
What is `` alternative '' anymore ?	0
What is multimedia ?	0
What is a fear of slime ?	1
How often are quadruplets born ?	5
What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	5
What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?	1
How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?	0
What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?	4
What professional sports league originated the college draft ?	3
Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?	3
How much does water weigh ?	5
What is a rhomboideus minor ?	0
Name an art gallery in New York .	4
What does Elysium mean ?	0
Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?	3
What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?	0
What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?	1
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?	1
Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .	3
How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?	5
What is Jane Goodall known for ?	0
Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?	3
How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?	5
How can I find online spelling ?	0
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?	1
What is Mississippi 's state animal ?	1
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	5
What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?	1
What caused the death of Bob Marley ?	0
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?	5
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?	5
What is a micron ?	0
Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?	3
Who created Harry Lime ?	3
What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?	3
What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?	0
What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?	0
How can you become an FBI agent ?	0
Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?	4
Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?	3
What do sailors use to measure time ?	1
Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?	3
What is the Internet2 ?	0
Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?	3
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	3
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	3
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?	5
When did CNN go on the air ?	5
In what spacecraft did U.S. astronaut Alan Shepard make his historic 1961 flight ?	1
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .	1
What are the five richest countries in the world ?	4
What does the acronym CPR mean ?	2
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?	4
How deep is a fathom ?	5
Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?	3
What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?	3
Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?	3
What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?	3
Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?	0
What is the best online games site ?	4
What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?	3
What two baseball players make up the battery ?	3
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?	4
What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?	5
What is the average time to kiss somene ?	5
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?	4
Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?	4
What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?	3
What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?	5
What organization is the Security Council a part of ?	3
What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?	1
What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?	3
Who is the president of Bolivia ?	3
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?	4
What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?	1
What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?	1
What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?	1
How far can a human eye see ?	5
What strait separates North America from Asia ?	4
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?	3
What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?	4
When was the first stained glass window made ?	5
What is the pig population of the world ?	5
What year did the U.S. buy Alaska ?	5
What is tumbled marble ?	0
What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?	1
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?	1
What is a disaccharide ?	0
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?	4
What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?	0
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?	1
What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?	1
What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?	3
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?	3
What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?	1
What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?	1
What does Robert mean ?	0
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?	1
What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?	3
What is the full classification of a lady bug ?	1
What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?	1
What is Smartnet ?	0
What are polymers ?	0
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?	3
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?	3
What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?	1
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?	5
How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?	5
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?	3
How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?	5
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?	3
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?	1
The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?	5
What did Aaron Hass write ?	1
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?	3
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?	5
How do chickens have baby chicks ?	0
What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?	3
Where was Poe born ?	4
What fossilizes to form coprolite ?	1
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?	5
Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?	3
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?	5
How long do flies live ?	5
Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?	3
What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?	3
Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .	1
What year was Mozart born ?	5
What is the Amish religion ?	0
What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?	3
What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?	1
What is the name of Neil Armstrong 's wife ?	3
What is compounded interest ?	0
What is the capital of Zimbabwe ?	4
How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?	5
Name a Gaelic language .	1
What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook ?	1
What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?	3
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	5
How can I get someone 's email address ?	0
What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?	2
What is a fear of weakness ?	1
What is the gestation period for a cat ?	5
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?	0
What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?	1
When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?	5
What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?	1
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?	3
What was the first satellite to go into space ?	1
What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?	3
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?	3
What 's the Olympic motto ?	0
What 's the literary term for a play on words ?	1
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?	1
The Jewish alphabet is called what ?	1
Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?	3
Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?	3
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?	4
What is Sinn Fein ?	0
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?	0
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?	4
What do insects do through their spiracles ?	0
What makes a tornado turn ?	0
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?	0
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?	5
What is the highest Roman numeral ?	0
What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?	3
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?	1
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .	1
What book did Aaron Hass write ?	1
The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?	1
What 's an infant seal called ?	1
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .	1
What is a fear of childbirth ?	1
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?	1
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?	0
What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?	1
What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?	5
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?	3
When was the G7 group of nations formed ?	5
What is the length of the coastline of the state of Alaska ?	5
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?	3
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?	3
What is caffeine ?	0
What does the channel ESPN stand for ?	2
Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?	1
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?	4
How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?	5
What is the meaning of the name Ella ?	0
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?	5
What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?	4
What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?	3
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?	4
What movie has made the most money ?	1
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?	4
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?	0
What does NASDAQ stand for ?	2
What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?	1
What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?	1
What kind of fish is a coney ?	1
Who was Confucius ?	3
What state is the geographic center of the lower 48 states ?	4
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?	0
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?	0
What is the most popular last name ?	3
What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''	3
What is a phalanx ?	0
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?	3
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?	4
What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?	4
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?	5
How can I get a CCT diagram ?	0
What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?	3
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	5
What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?	1
What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?	0
What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?	4
What is autism ?	0
Aspartame is also known as what ?	1
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?	5
What does the name Shawn mean ?	0
How many years old is Benny Carter ?	5
Who created `` The Muppets '' ?	3
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?	4
Who wrote Brave New World ?	3
How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?	5
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	5
How far away is the moon ?	5
What manufacturers are there in Texas ?	3
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?	3
Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?	3
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?	5
What are hook worms ?	0
Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?	1
Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''	1
What are the two types of twins ?	1
What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?	1
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?	5
What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	1
What is agent orange ?	0
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?	1
What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?	4
What does caliente mean , in English ?	0
What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?	0
What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?	3
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?	4
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?	3
What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?	0
How do they find an epicenter ?	0
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?	3
What did Tristan come back as ?	1
What do meteorologists do ?	0
What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?	1
What is `` dew point '' ?	0
What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?	1
What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?	1
What is a golf ball made of ?	1
What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?	5
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?	4
What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?	1
What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?	1
What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?	1
Who told all in Ball Four ?	3
How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?	0
What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?	3
What color are crickets ?	1
Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?	3
Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?	4
What year did Mussolini seize power in Italy ?	5
What was Michelangelo 's last name ?	3
When was the Boston tea party ?	5
Where can one find Mozambique ?	4
What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?	0
What color is indigo ?	1
What are some good medical sites for information ?	4
Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?	3
What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?	4
Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?	4
What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?	1
What is an obtuse angle ?	0
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?	3
What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?	1
Who is the leader of Brunei ?	3
What countries earn the most from tourism ?	4
What does a phobophobe fear ?	1
What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?	0
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?	3
Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?	3
When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?	5
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?	5
What is Answers.com 's address ?	4
What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?	0
What foods contain the most protein ?	1
How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?	5
Where is Prince Edward Island ?	4
What is a fear of stings ?	1
What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?	1
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?	4
How many Admirals are there in the U.S. Navy ?	5
How many Superbowls have the ers won ?	5
Where did Dylan Thomas die ?	4
What are amphibians ?	0
Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?	3
How was the Kennedy money made ?	0
What is the history of skateboarding ?	0
How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?	0
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?	1
What was the first minimum wage ?	5
What government department did The Untouchables work for ?	3
What is a horologist ?	0
What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?	0
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	5
Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?	4
What ocean does Mauritania border ?	4
What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?	4
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?	5
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?	4
How do you make a computer chip ?	0
Where are the 49 steps ?	4
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	5
Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?	0
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?	0
What is the spirometer test ?	0
What are xerophytes ?	0
What are spider veins ?	0
Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?	3
What is a transistor ?	0
What does an edentulous smile lack ?	1
Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?	3
How long did Rip Van Winkle sleep ?	5
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?	4
What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?	0
What two states is Washington D.C. between ?	4
What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?	3
Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?	3
What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?	1
When is Boxing Day ?	5
What is the Milky Way ?	0
What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?	4
What is a pig in a poke ?	0
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?	4
Why do people get calluses ?	0
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?	5
What is Head Start ?	0
What states do not have state income tax ?	4
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?	4
What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?	1
Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?	0
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?	3
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	1
What is a fuel cell ?	0
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	5
Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?	4
In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?	3
Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?	4
What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?	1
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three	5
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?	5
What river runs through Liverpool ?	4
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?	5
How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?	0
How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?	5
Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?	3
How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?	5
What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?	1
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?	1
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?	5
What are the Low Countries ?	0
How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?	5
How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?	5
What is the origin of the word nevermind ?	0
What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?	4
What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?	4
What was the last year that the Chicago Cubs won the World Series ?	5
What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?	3
What is the colorful Korean traditional dress called ?	1
What do bicornate animals have two of ?	1
What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?	1
What is Chiricahua the name of ?	1
What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?	3
Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?	1
What is the size of the largest akita ?	5
What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?	1
Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?	1
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?	1
What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?	1
What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?	4
How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?	0
What is the richest state in the U.S. ?	4
What peninsula is Spain part of ?	4
Who is the actress known for her role in the movie `` Gypsy '' ?	3
What is `` the washed vodka '' ?	0
What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?	4
Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?	3
What is the world 's best selling cookie ?	1
Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?	1
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?	4
What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?	1
What sport is played on the largest field ?	1
Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?	4
What is Archimedes famous for ?	0
When does menstruation begin ?	5
What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?	4
When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?	5
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?	1
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?	4
Where are the Union Stockyards ?	4
How many acres in a mile ?	5
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?	1
Where is Qatar ?	4
Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?	4
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?	4
What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?	3
What makes salt ?	0
What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?	4
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?	3
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	3
Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?	0
What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?	4
Who built the first pyramid ?	3
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?	5
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?	3
What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?	1
What French province is cognac produced in ?	4
What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?	1
What African animals are known as The Big Five ?	1
What do chefs call The Master Spice ?	1
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?	0
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?	0
Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?	4
What do most tourists visit in Reims ?	4
Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?	3
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	3
What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?	0
What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?	1
How were the days of the week named ?	0
What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?	3
What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?	1
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?	5
What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?	0
What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?	1
Who killed Caesar ?	3
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?	5
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?	1
What is the definition of cosmology ?	0
What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?	1
What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?	4
What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?	4
What city 's newspaper is called `` The Enquirer '' ?	4
How is energy created ?	0
What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?	1
How many islands make up Antigua ?	5
What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?	3
How many lakes are there on the Earth ?	5
Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?	4
What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?	1
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?	1
What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?	1
How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?	5
What makes you fat ?	0
How big is Australia ?	5
What is the largest lake in North America ?	4
What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?	1
Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?	4
What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?	1
What is a fear of robbers ?	1
Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?	3
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?	5
What is a drought ?	0
What is the average speed of the horses at the Kentucky Derby ?	5
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?	5
What is a fear of bees ?	1
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?	0
What does NECROSIS mean ?	2
What does Aaron mean ?	0
What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?	3
Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?	3
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?	5
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	5
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?	0
What does a tarantula eat ?	1
How many people visit the Pope each month ?	5
What is Jell-O made from ?	1
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?	3
What is the date of Bastille Day ?	5
What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?	1
What are tourist attractions in Reims ?	4
Which U.S.A. president appeared on `` Laugh-In '' ?	3
How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?	0
What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?	3
What does Tiffany mean ?	0
What is the origin of music ?	0
What is a baby lion called ?	1
What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?	1
What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?	3
What is the function of RAM ?	0
What is the origin of the name Igor ?	0
Define the Pheonix Club ?	0
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?	0
What is Hawaii 's state flower ?	1
What is typhoid fever ?	0
What color is a poison arrow frog ?	1
What kind of creature is a coot ?	1
How do you fix squeaky floors ?	0
Who is the Pope ?	3
What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?	1
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?	5
What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?	3
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?	5
When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?	5
What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?	3
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?	3
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?	4
What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?	1
What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	5
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?	4
What causes panic attacks ?	0
What is the name of Roy Roger 's dog ?	1
Where is your corpus callosum ?	4
What is the name of William Penn 's ship ?	1
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?	3
Where are zebras most likely found ?	4
What is the fear of being loved ?	1
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	1
What four forms does gold occur in ?	1
Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?	0
What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?	1
What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?	5
What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?	0
How long does cocaine stay in your system ?	5
How many questions do you have on your database ?	5
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?	3
What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?	0
What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?	4
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?	3
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?	4
What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?	1
When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?	5
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?	1
What does Phi Beta Kappa mean ?	0
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?	0
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?	5
What common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?	1
What is the difference between love and infatuation ?	0
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?	5
Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?	4
What does Robin Williams do ?	3
When did the art of quilting begin ?	5
What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?	1
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?	0
What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?	1
What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?	0
Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?	0
What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?	3
What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?	4
What colors need to be mixed to get the color pink ?	1
Who was Abraham Lincoln ?	3
What country was Kim Philby really working for ?	4
What is the world 's largest distilling company ?	3
What is the purpose of a car bra ?	0
Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?	3
To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?	1
What species is a colt ?	1
What is hypertext ?	0
How many times more than 3	5
Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?	4
What is the origin of the word , JJ .	0
What horse did Zorro ride ?	1
What is a 2-sided object called ?	1
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?	0
What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?	0
What did Thomas Paine write ?	1
How tall is the Matterhorn ?	5
Who invented panties ?	3
What is the protection rate of using condoms ?	5
What is the most radioactive food ?	1
What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?	4
In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?	5
What is a fear of punishment ?	1
What is a fear of food ?	1
What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?	3
Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .	3
What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?	4
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?	3
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?	3
How was the ACLU formed ?	0
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?	0
What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''	0
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?	5
Who invented the stethoscope ?	3
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?	3
How do I contact answers.com ?	0
What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?	3
What flag flies over Wake Island ?	1
How is plastic made ?	0
What does `` Sitting Shiva '' mean ?	0
What are ethics ?	0
What is the width of a football field ?	5
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?	1
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?	5
What is Plc ?	0
Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?	3
What is the elevation of St. Louis , MO ?	5
How many queen bees reign in a hive ?	5
Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?	5
How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?	5
What is spaceball played on ?	0
Who painted Mother and Child ?	3
What is an eclipse ?	0
What does Knight Ridder publish ?	1
What does ribavirin consist of ?	1
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?	5
What effect does LSD have on the brain ?	0
Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?	4
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?	3
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?	0
How long do hermit crabs live ?	5
What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?	0
What are the names of the different toes ?	1
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?	1
What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?	1
What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?	3
Who is the father of the computer ?	3
What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?	1
What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?	4
What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?	2
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?	3
Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?	4
Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?	3
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?	1
What city has the zip code of 35824 ?	4
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?	4
What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?	5
Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?	4
Where is South Bend ?	4
Where is Ayer 's rock ?	4
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?	0
What is the atomic weight of silver ?	5
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?	4
Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?	0
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?	4
Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?	3
Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?	0
Material called linen is made from what plant ?	1
What is the longest major league baseball-winning streak ?	1
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	5
What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?	4
How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?	5
What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?	3
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	4
What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?	4
What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?	3
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?	5
What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?	0
What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?	3
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	4
What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?	0
Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?	4
Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?	3
What is hydrogen ?	0
What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?	5
Who is Edmund Kemper ?	3
Who was Jinnah ?	3
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?	3
Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?	4
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?	5
What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?	1
What country 's capital is Lagos ?	4
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?	5
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?	4
What does CNN stand for ?	2
How far out is the universe ?	5
What New York City structure is also known as the Twin Towers ?	4
What good are mosquitoes ?	0
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?	5
How many milliseconds in a second ?	5
What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?	1
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?	5
When did John F. Kennedy get elected as President ?	5
What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?	4
How do you find oxidation numbers ?	0
Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?	3
How do you use an intranet ?	0
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .	3
What are the most common elements in seawater ?	1
How long does it take different materials to decompose ?	5
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?	0
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?	0
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?	3
What is proposition 98 about ?	0
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?	1
What is the best distance education university or college ?	3
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?	5
What is Zionism ?	0
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?	3
How can I give myself a French manicure ?	0
What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?	5
What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?	1
How fast does the fastest car go ?	5
The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?	5
How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?	5
Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .	3
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?	5
Where is McCarren Airport located ?	4
What is a fear of strong light ?	1
What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?	1
What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?	1
What are the spots on dominoes called ?	1
What 's the first day of the week ?	5
Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?	0
What does a philatelist collect ?	1
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?	5
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?	3
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?	4
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?	5
How old was Elvis Presley when he died ?	5
What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?	1
In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?	4
How is the element strontium purified ?	0
Name a food high in zinc .	1
What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?	3
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?	1
What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?	1
What is an aurora ?	0
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?	1
What is the highest dam in the U.S. ?	4
Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?	3
What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?	0
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?	5
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?	4
What determines the value of the pearl ?	1
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?	0
How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?	5
What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?	1
How old do you have to be in order to rent a car in Italy ?	5
How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?	0
How do you box train a cat ?	0
How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?	0
What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?	4
What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?	1
What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?	3
What did Abolitionists try to end ?	1
How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?	0
In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?	4
What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?	4
Hazmat stands for what ?	0
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?	5
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?	3
Who is the governor of Alaska ?	3
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?	0
Which language has the most words ?	1
What was known as the Spice Island ?	4
How many member states are in the UN ?	5
What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?	3
What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?	4
How many questions are on this thing ?	5
What American composer wrote the music for `` West Side Story '' ?	3
What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?	0
What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?	4
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?	4
Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?	3
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?	4
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?	4
What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?	1
How fast is the speed of light ?	5
How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?	5
What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?	1
What animal 's tail is called a brush ?	1
How do I find a snowboarding website ?	0
What instrument does Benny Carter play ?	1
What is the origin of the word assassinate ?	0
What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?	3
What is leukemia ?	0
What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?	1
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?	1
What is yohimbine ?	0
What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?	4
Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?	3
What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?	3
What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?	1
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	5
What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?	5
What is the longest suspension bridge in the U.S. ?	4
How do you dunk ?	0
What year did Canada join the United Nations ?	5
What does palindromic mean ?	0
What does the name Melissa mean ?	0
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?	1
What does the name Kelly mean ?	0
Who is Count Cinzano ?	3
What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?	1
Who gave King Arthur the round table ?	3
Who is the richest person in the world ?	3
What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?	4
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?	4
Name four famous cartoon cats .	1
In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?	4
What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?	3
What type of exercise burns the most calories ?	1
What is hebephrenia ?	0
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?	3
How old was Joan of Arc when she died ?	5
What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?	1
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?	4
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?	4
Who was the tallest U.S. president ?	3
What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?	2
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?	3
What is the rainiest place on Earth ?	4
How many Marx Brothers were there ?	5
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?	3
What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?	1
What were the first frozen foods ?	1
Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?	3
What is a fear of drinking ?	1
What are the world 's four oceans ?	4
What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?	2
How long does a dog sleep ?	5
What is bipolar disorder ?	0
What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?	1
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?	4
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?	5
How many liters in a gallon ?	5
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?	5
What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?	4
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?	5
What is a virtual IP address ?	0
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?	3
Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?	0
How many people are taller than 7 feet ?	5
Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?	1
How many people died in the Vietnam war ?	5
Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?	3
Who invented batteries ?	3
Where does tuberculosis come from ?	4
What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?	1
Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?	3
What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?	3
What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?	1
What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?	5
What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?	1
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?	5
Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?	3
What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?	3
Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .	3
Where do quality drinks begin ?	4
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?	1
What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?	4
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?	5
How many cities are there in Utah ?	5
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?	0
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?	3
What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?	1
What is the root of all evil ?	0
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?	0
Where is Los Vegas ?	4
Which is the best opening move in chess ?	1
What is the sales tax in Minnesota ?	1
How you can raise your IQ ?	0
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?	3
What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?	3
What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?	3
What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?	1
Who was the oldest U.S. president ?	3
What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?	3
What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?	0
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?	0
In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?	1
Where does Mother Angelica live ?	4
What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?	1
How do you recognize anorexia ?	0
What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?	3
How many yards are in 1 mile ?	5
What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?	1
What is a person called that likes fire ?	3
What is the criterion for being legally blind ?	1
What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?	0
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?	5
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?	5
What is her husband 's name ?	3
What organization has a Security Council ?	3
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	5
What is the largest snake in the world ?	1
What is nepotism ?	0
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?	5
What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?	4
What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?	4
What is the source of natural gas ?	1
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?	3
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?	4
Where is the Mason/Dixon line ?	4
What is ozone depletion ?	0
Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?	4
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?	4
What was the worst hurricane ?	1
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?	0
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?	1
In Poland , where do most people live ?	4
How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?	5
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	5
What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?	1
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?	1
What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?	0
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?	0
What is home banking ?	0
What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?	1
What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?	4
What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?	3
What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?	4
What is a serigraph ?	0
What happened to Pompeii ?	0
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?	1
What is the earth 's diameter ?	5
How do I tie dye clothes ?	0
Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .	1
What is a meerkat ?	0
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?	5
What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?	3
What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?	4
What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?	1
Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?	3
How does a hydroelectric dam work ?	0
How does psorisis disappear ?	0
What does the dot on the letter i mean ?	0
What computer operating system is on the most computers ?	1
What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?	0
What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?	0
How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?	5
When was the first stamp issued ?	5
Who was Picasso ?	3
Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?	1
What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?	3
Who is Johnny Carson ?	3
What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?	1
What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?	1
What spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?	1
What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?	5
What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?	0
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?	4
What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?	1
Who discovered America ?	3
What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?	1
What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?	0
What causes headaches ?	0
What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?	3
Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?	3
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	3
What was Darth Vader 's son named ?	3
What is the origin of thank you notes ?	0
What is a fear of odors , body , ?	1
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?	4
How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?	5
How big is a quart ?	5
What is a caul ?	0
In what county is Eckley Colorado ?	4
Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?	3
How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?	5
What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?	3
Who was the architect of Central Park ?	3
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?	5
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?	3
What is strep throat ?	0
What is the street address of the White House ?	4
What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?	1
What does Visine get out ?	1
Who is Robin Williams ?	3
What does seccession mean ?	0
What is Jane Goodall famous for ?	0
What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?	1
What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?	4
Who was Darth Vader 's son ?	3
What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?	3
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?	1
What is probability theory ?	0
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?	3
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?	3
What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?	3
What is quicksilver ?	0
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?	5
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .	1
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?	1
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?	5
Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?	3
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?	4
What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?	3
What is a fear of machinery ?	1
What is digitalis ?	0
When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?	5
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?	1
What are geckos ?	0
Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?	3
Who won the first World Series ?	3
Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?	3
What are the conjugations of wake and woke ?	1
What is angiotensin ?	0
When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?	5
What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?	1
Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?	3
What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?	1
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?	2
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	3
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?	3
What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?	4
Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?	0
What is the name of a Greek god ?	3
What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?	1
What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?	5
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?	1
What is nanotechnology ?	0
How many meters are in a mile ?	5
What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?	1
What is the dot on an the letter i called ?	1
What country is the largest diamond producer ?	4
Who was Thucydides ?	3
What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?	1
What is Australia Day ?	0
Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?	3
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?	1
What is hydroelectricity ?	0
What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?	1
What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?	3
What is California 's capital ?	4
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?	5
How much was a ticket for the Titanic ?	5
What is a fear of lice ?	1
What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?	1
What international sport was originally called hurley ?	1
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?	4
Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?	0
What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?	4
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	5
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?	0
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?	4
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?	5
What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?	4
Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?	4
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?	5
What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?	0
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?	1
What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?	1
Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?	0
Who sells Viagra ?	3
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	3
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?	3
Who wrote the Bible ?	3
Who was Santos-Dumont ?	3
Who was Monet ?	3
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .	3
What is the wingspan of a condor ?	5
What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?	3
What is the Immaculate Conception ?	0
What is another word for diet ?	1
Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?	3
When was child labor abolished ?	5
What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?	0
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?	5
Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?	3
What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?	5
What is a fear of clouds ?	1
Who was the first African American to play for the Brooklyn Dodgers ?	3
When are sheep shorn ?	5
What does target heart rate mean ?	0
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?	3
What plants are found in an estuary ?	1
When was the Parthenon built ?	5
Where is Dartmouth College ?	4
What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?	5
What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?	4
When was Beethoven born ?	5
What is e-coli ?	0
How many people in Tucson ?	5
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?	0
What is a fear of cholera ?	1
How do you make the color purple ?	0
What are the two houses of the Legislative branch ?	1
How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?	5
Who killed JFK ?	3
What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?	4
How has TV affected our society ?	0
How many calories are in a tomato ?	5
What kind of science is cosmology ?	1
What is a glory hole ?	0
What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?	1
What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?	4
Who killed John F. Kennedy ?	3
What is Ursa Major ?	0
What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?	5
Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?	0
What is the second hardest substance ?	1
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?	0
What is Mardi Gras ?	0
What is the population of the largest Chilean city	5
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?	1
When did Idaho become a state ?	5
What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?	1
What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?	3
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?	1
What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?	3
What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?	1
Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?	3
What is the history of the hairdryer ?	0
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?	1
What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?	1
What are the wolverine habits ?	1
Who is the leader of India ?	3
What is the name of the leader of Ireland ?	3
Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?	3
What is the smallest bird in Britain ?	1
Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?	4
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?	0
How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?	5
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?	1
Where is Romania located ?	4
What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?	3
How did Socrates die ?	0
What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?	1
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?	3
What is ouzo ?	0
What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?	3
Where did the Maya people live ?	4
What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?	1
What is nuclear proliferation ?	0
Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?	5
Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?	0
What causes tuberculosis ?	0
Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?	3
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?	4
What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?	0
Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?	3
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?	1
What is the purpose of BIOS ?	0
How did Edith Bunker die ?	0
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?	4
What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?	1
What can communications satellites offer yachts ?	1
What is infomatics ?	0
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?	2
Who is Coronado ?	3
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?	1
What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?	0
What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?	1
Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?	3
What does RCA stand for ?	2
Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?	3
What kind of wine is Spumante ?	1
Mercury , what year was it discovered ?	5
Who invented the game bowling ?	3
Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?	3
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?	1
Who invented Trivial Pursuit ?	3
What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?	0
What does the word terrorism mean ?	0
Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?	3
Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?	3
What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?	4
Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?	3
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?	5
What is endometriosis ?	0
What is AFS ?	2
How is thalassemia defined ?	0
How many James Bond novels are there ?	5
Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?	3
What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?	0
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?	5
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	3
What is pandoro ?	0
Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?	3
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?	0
What is the fear of frogs ?	1
Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?	3
What are the Poconos ?	0
What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?	4
How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?	5
What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?	1
What country lies directly south of Detroit ?	4
What year did the United States abolish the draft ?	5
Where was the first golf course in the United States ?	4
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?	1
How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?	5
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?	5
Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?	3
What is the electrical output in Madrid , Spain ?	1
What does a chef coddle eggs in ?	1
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	4
Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?	4
What year was the Mona Lisa painted ?	5
How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?	5
How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?	5
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?	0
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?	1
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?	3
What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?	1
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	4
Who discovered imaginary numbers ?	3
What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?	0
What are Canada 's two territories ?	4
Who is the prime minister of Australia ?	3
Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?	3
What was the Long March in China ?	0
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?	5
What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?	1
Where did guinea pigs originate ?	4
Where was chop suey invented ?	4
What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?	1
What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?	4
What river runs through Liverpool ?	4
Where is the group M People from ?	4
What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?	4
How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?	0
When was Dick Clark born ?	5
What is a fear of rejection ?	1
What does N est-ce pas mean ?	0
Who developed potlatch ?	3
Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?	0
What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?	1
What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?	1
Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?	3
What was J.F.K. 's wife 's name ?	3
Define Spumante .	0
What is the plural of gulf ?	1
What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?	1
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?	3
What is object-oriented design ?	0
What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?	1
What police force did Mack Sennett create ?	3
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?	5
What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?	4
What is a swatch ?	0
What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?	1
Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?	0
What is Shakespeare 's nickname ?	3
What is a fear of reptiles ?	1
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?	0
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?	3
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?	0
How do you say `` eat the day '' in Latin ?	1
What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?	4
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?	5
Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?	4
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?	3
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?	5
What are triglycerides ?	0
How many teats does a female goat sport ?	5
What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?	1
How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?	0
What color is a giraffe 's tongue ?	1
Where do lobsters like to live ?	4
What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?	3
What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?	1
What is osmosis ?	0
Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?	4
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?	0
Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?	1
Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?	3
What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?	1
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?	3
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?	5
What is nuclear power ?	0
Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?	3
What is the birthstone of October ?	1
What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?	1
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?	5
What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?	4
Name the tree growing company .	3
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?	5
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?	4
What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?	1
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?	1
What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?	0
What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?	0
What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?	5
What is idealab ! ?	0
What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?	0
Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?	3
Who designed London Bridge ?	3
What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?	3
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?	1
What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?	3
Who is the fastest guitarist ?	3
Where is Rider College located ?	4
What caused the Titanic to sink ?	0
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?	5
What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?	1
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?	1
How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?	5
CPR is the abbreviation for what ?	2
Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?	3
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?	5
Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?	3
What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?	3
What is humidity ?	0
What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?	1
What cards are bullets ?	1
What is the principal river of Ireland ?	4
What are the components of polyester ?	1
What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?	1
How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?	5
What was an `` Asiento '' ?	0
Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?	4
When did beethoven die ?	5
What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?	3
What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?	3
What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?	4
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?	5
CNN is an acronym for what ?	2
What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?	1
What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?	3
What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?	1
What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?	4
Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical ?	1
The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?	5
What is the population of Mexico ?	5
Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?	4
What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?	1
Who is the owner of CNN ?	3
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?	3
When will the millennium officially begin ?	5
How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?	0
How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?	5
How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	5
What are dinosaur droppings called ?	1
What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?	4
What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?	1
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?	0
What state was named the Green Mountain state ?	4
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?	1
What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?	3
What is a fear of sourness ?	1
What city is Logan Airport in ?	4
What is osteoporosis ?	0
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?	3
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?	5
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?	3
What age followed the Bronze Age ?	1
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?	0
Why do men snore ?	0
Where are the Haversian canals ?	4
What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?	3
What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?	4
What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?	4
Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?	3
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?	3
What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?	3
Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?	0
What mineral helps prevent osteoporosis ?	1
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?	4
What is vertigo ?	0
What country has the highest arson rate ?	4
What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?	3
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?	5
Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?	3
Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?	4
What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?	3
What time of year has the most air travel ?	5
In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?	1
Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?	3
What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?	0
How do I contact Answers.com direct ?	0
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?	0
What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?	4
How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?	5
What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?	3
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?	3
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?	5
What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?	1
What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?	0
What can be done about snoring ?	0
What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?	1
What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?	4
What is after death ?	1
What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?	1
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?	3
What is the location of McCarren Airport ?	4
Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?	4
What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?	4
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	3
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?	3
What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?	3
How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?	5
What two countries in South America are landlocked ?	4
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	4
Where is Poe 's birthplace ?	4
Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?	3
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?	4
How do anti-locking brakes work ?	0
What are sunspots ?	0
Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?	3
What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?	1
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?	3
What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?	3
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?	5
What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?	1
What is the most common name ?	3
What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?	4
What is the present Pope named ?	3
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?	0
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?	3
What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?	1
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?	1
What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?	3
What does IOC stand for ?	2
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?	5
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?	1
How many people have been Captain America ?	5
What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?	3
What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?	0
What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?	1
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?	4
How many different vegetation zones are there ?	5
What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?	1
On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?	4
What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?	4
What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?	0
What is a leaky heart valve ?	0
What is a hyperlink ?	0
What is the average weight of a Yellow Labrador ?	5
How long does a human live ?	5
What does e=mc2 mean ?	0
What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?	1
What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?	5
What is sodium chloride ?	0
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?	0
What is the best selling computer model ever ?	1
What is the capital of Uruguay ?	4
How tall is the Sears Building ?	5
Who is Charles Lindbergh ?	3
How can you tell if someone is lying ?	0
What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?	0
What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?	1
What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?	1
What does the term glory hole mean ?	0
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?	3
Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?	3
How far is a nautical mile ?	5
Where do rocks come from ?	0
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?	3
What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?	1
What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?	4
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?	0
What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?	4
What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?	3
How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?	5
What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?	5
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?	1
What is Olestra ?	0
What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?	4
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?	3
Where is Mozambique located ?	4
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?	1
How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?	5
Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?	3
What date did Neil Armstrong land on the moon ?	5
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?	0
What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?	1
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?	5
How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?	0
What is real time processing ?	0
What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?	3
Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?	3
What is porphyria ?	0
Where was George Washington born ?	4
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?	5
What is Larry King 's occupation ?	3
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?	0
How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?	5
Where is Burma ?	4
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	2
How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?	0
What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	5
What is a mirror made out of ?	1
What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?	3
What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?	0
What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?	1
What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?	1
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?	1
What does a resurrectionist steal ?	1
What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?	1
Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?	3
What two body parts grow all your life ?	1
Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?	3
What are the cookies in Internet ?	0
What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?	4
What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?	0
How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?	5
What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?	3
What concerts are held in New York this week ?	1
Who is the Prophet of Medina ?	3
Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?	4
Who is Stein Eriksen ?	3
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?	3
Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?	3
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?	4
Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .	1
When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?	5
What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?	1
Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?	3
What is metabolism ?	0
What is cache memory ?	0
What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?	1
Who is the worst US President ever ?	3
How many counties are in Indiana ?	5
What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?	3
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?	1
Where is Hitler buried ?	4
Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?	1
What is sound ?	0
What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?	0
In what year was the cannon invented ?	5
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?	3
What country in Latin America is the largest one ?	4
Who was Quetzalcoatl ?	3
What is a fear of night or darkness ?	1
How often does Old Faithful erupt at Yellowstone National Park ?	5
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?	0
Who were the five Marx brothers ?	3
Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?	3
Which country did Hitler rule ?	4
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?	0
How do you ask questions ?	0
Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?	3
What state has the most Indians ?	4
What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''	3
What year was the ATM first introduced ?	5
What are the seven virtues ?	0
What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?	4
What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?	2
What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?	1
What is the definition of cecum ?	0
How cold should a refrigerator be ?	5
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	5
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?	4
What is the history of `` the toast '' ?	0
How successful is arometherapy ?	0
What is cryogenics ?	0
How many people have died of tuberculosis ?	5
What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?	1
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?	1
What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?	1
What is the oldest building in the United States ?	4
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?	1
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?	1
What are amicable numbers ?	0
Where can I find information on George Bush ?	4
What is the percentage of water content in the human body ?	5
What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?	3
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?	0
What is an arab strap ?	0
What does the word LASER mean ?	2
What is the virus HIV ?	0
What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?	1
What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?	1
What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?	0
What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?	1
How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?	5
What 's another name for aspartame ?	1
What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?	0
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	5
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?	4
How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?	5
What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?	4
Who invented the Wonderbra ?	3
What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?	4
Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?	3
What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?	1
What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?	1
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	3
When was Algeria colonized ?	5
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?	3
How many Russians have landed on the moon ?	5
Why do some people have two different color eyes ?	0
In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?	1
When did swimming become commonplace ?	5
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?	5
What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?	3
Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?	3
The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?	3
What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?	4
What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?	3
What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?	1
Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?	3
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .	3
What is the collective noun for geese ?	1
How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?	5
What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?	3
Who is the only president to serve 2 non-consecutive terms ?	3
Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?	4
How do you make a million bucks ?	0
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?	3
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?	1
What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?	1
What country boasts the most dams ?	4
What French ruler was defeated at the battle of Waterloo ?	3
Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?	3
What is pneumonia ?	0
Who did the Seven Mules block for ?	3
Why does the moon turn orange ?	0
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?	3
What is the Moulin Rouge ?	0
Who was Red Grange ?	3
Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?	4
Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?	3
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?	3
What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?	4
Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?	4
What animal has the biggest eyes ?	1
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?	3
What predators exist on Antarctica ?	1
What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?	3
Where is Windsor Castle ?	4
What novel has Big Brother watching ?	1
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?	2
What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?	1
What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?	1
How many eyes does a bat have ?	5
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?	3
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?	3
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?	1
What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?	0
What are the first ten amendements passed ?	1
How fast is sound ?	5
Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?	3
Where is the Lourve ?	4
What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?	5
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?	2
What is acid rain ?	0
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?	4
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?	0
How does a bill become law ?	0
What is the habitat of the chickadee ?	4
Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?	3
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?	4
What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?	3
How do clouds form ?	0
How can you tell when figs are ripe ?	0
What city has the world 's longest subway system ?	4
What is the nature of learning ?	0
What is ethology ?	0
What type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests ?	1
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?	3
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	5
What 's played at Wembley Stadium , London , every May ?	1
Who is Shirley MacLaine ?	3
What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?	4
How big is a baby bald eagle ?	5
What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?	1
What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?	4
What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?	1
What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?	3
What is Greek pita ?	0
What songs were popular in 1948 ?	1
What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?	3
How much iron is in your body ?	5
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?	4
Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?	3
What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?	4
What is California 's state bird ?	1
What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?	1
What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?	3
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?	3
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?	1
How do I find out about jobs ?	0
What does a pedometer measure ?	1
How do you write a book report ?	0
Who was the 1st U.S. President ?	3
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?	5
What is done with worn or outdated flags ?	0
In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?	5
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	5
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?	5
What is the first personal computer company ?	3
What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?	1
A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?	5
What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?	1
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?	3
Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?	0
Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?	3
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?	5
How do I impress a guy ?	0
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?	2
Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?	3
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?	4
Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?	0
What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?	5
What is acupuncture ?	0
Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?	3
What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?	3
What is a fear of sleep ?	1
Where is the Danube ?	4
What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?	1
What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?	3
What is New England 's highest mountain ?	4
What are birds descendents of ?	1
What format was the major competition of VHS ?	1
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?	3
What province is Montreal in ?	4
What is measured in curies ?	0
Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .	1
What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?	1
Where is Tufts University ?	4
How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?	5
What is the best way to overcome a fear ?	1
When was the Big Thompson flood ?	5
How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?	0
How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .	0
What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?	1
Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?	3
Where is the Holland Tunnel ?	4
What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?	3
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?	5
What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?	1
Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?	1
Where was Tesla born ?	4
What are manifest and latent function theories ?	0
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?	0
How many varieties of twins are there ?	5
What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?	5
What is an ulcer ?	0
Who is Dear Abby ?	3
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	5
What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?	0
What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?	4
Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?	3
What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .	3
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?	0
How much does one ton of cement cost ?	5
When was Christ born ?	5
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?	5
What currency is used in Australia ?	1
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1	3
What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?	4
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?	0
Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?	4
Who killed Gandhi ?	3
What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?	1
What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?	4
When did the Carolingian period begin ?	5
What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?	3
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?	3
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?	5
How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?	0
What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?	3
Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?	1
What lake is the source of the White Nile ?	4
How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?	0
What is diabetes ?	0
How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?	5
What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?	1
Where did he get the title ?	4
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?	3
What are antacids ?	0
What does a woman want ?	1
What is the capital of Kosovo ?	4
When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?	5
Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?	0
What year did the Titanic start on its journey ?	5
Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?	4
What is the difference between a college and a university ?	0
What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?	1
What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?	1
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?	4
What 's the sacred river of India ?	4
What is the half-life of P-32 ?	0
What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?	3
What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?	3
What is the best art and design school in the world ?	3
What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?	0
What type of currency is used in China ?	1
What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?	1
What is the name given to the Tiger at Louisiana State University ?	1
What famed river flows through Bagdad ?	4
What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?	1
Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?	3
What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?	3
What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?	0
What is office automation ?	0
How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?	5
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?	5
What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?	1
Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?	3
What century does Captain Video live in ?	5
What keeps clouds in the air ?	1
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?	0
What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?	3
Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?	3
Who invented the instant Polaroid camera ?	3
What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?	1
What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?	4
What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?	1
What is saltpeter ?	0
What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?	1
Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?	3
What does JESSICA mean ?	2
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?	1
What sport is known for hooligans ?	1
What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?	5
What bird can swim but can 't fly ?	1
Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?	0
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?	3
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?	0
What generation am I in ?	1
What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?	1
What are the four railways in Monopoly ?	3
When was the internal combustion engine developed ?	5
In which state would you find the Catskill Mountains ?	4
What river flows between Fargo , North Dakota and Moorhead , Minnesota ?	4
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?	4
What is the name of the second space shuttle ?	1
Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?	3
What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?	0
What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?	3
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?	4
What are the Baltic States ?	0
About how many soldiers died in World War II ?	5
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?	4
What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?	0
What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?	1
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?	1
What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?	1
What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?	3
What was W.C. Fields ' real name ?	3
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?	5
When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?	5
Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?	3
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?	0
What are invertebrates ?	0
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?	4
What is the English meaning of caliente ?	0
Where are all European and American eels born ?	4
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?	0
What 's the singular of dice ?	1
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?	1
Where is Kings Canyon ?	4
Who directed The Wild Bunch ?	3
How many elephants are left on earth ?	5
What is mad cow disease ?	0
What state capital comes last alphabetically ?	4
What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?	3
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?	1
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?	3
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?	0
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?	0
What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?	0
How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?	0
What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?	0
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?	5
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?	3
What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?	1
How many types of cheese are there in France ?	5
How many pounds are there in a stone ?	5
How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?	0
What three colors are on the French flag ?	1
How tall is the giraffe ?	5
What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?	1
What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?	1
What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?	3
How many verses are in the Bible ?	5
What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?	1
What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?	0
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?	0
What town was the setting for The Music Man ?	4
How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?	5
What are the largest deserts in the world ?	4
What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?	3
What is a portal ?	0
What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?	0
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?	0
Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?	3
What is the most popular sports car color ?	1
What is the weakest bone in the body ?	1
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?	3
What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?	1
What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	1
How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?	5
What is pasta ?	0
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?	1
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?	1
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?	4
Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?	3
What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?	1
What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?	1
What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?	1
What is a neurosurgeon ?	0
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?	4
How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?	0
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	5
What are the colors of the German flag ?	1
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?	5
What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	5
In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?	5
What did The Gas House Gang play ?	1
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?	5
What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?	1
How many types of lemurs are there ?	5
What is a `` False Moon '' ?	0
What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?	1
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?	0
How do I write to my Congressman ?	0
What is e-commerce ?	0
What is prepared mustard ?	0
What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?	4
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?	1
What is the highest peak in Africa ?	4
What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?	0
What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?	3
What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?	1
Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?	0
What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?	1
What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?	4
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?	1
What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?	3
What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?	1
What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?	1
What is BPH ?	2
What does CPR stand for ?	2
Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?	3
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?	5
What is `` flintknapping '' ?	0
How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?	5
Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?	1
What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?	1
Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?	3
What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?	1
Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?	3
How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?	5
What is RCD ?	2
Who made the first airplane ?	3
What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?	1
Who is the premier of China ?	3
What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .	1
What are binomial coefficients ?	0
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?	4
When were William Shakespeare 's twins born ?	5
Who is the Voyager project manager ?	3
What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''	1
The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?	3
What is moxie ?	0
How many neurons are in the human brain ?	5
What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?	4
Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?	3
Which Latin American country is the largest ?	4
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?	4
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?	4
Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?	1
Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?	4
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?	4
How does it make its colors ?	0
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?	1
What does the abbreviation SOS mean ?	2
What is Spumante ?	0
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?	4
What is the West Virginia state animal ?	1
What is a wart ?	0
How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?	5
How many people own pets ?	5
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?	4
What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?	0
What is the meaning of thalassemia ?	0
What is the population of Ohio ?	5
When was the Berlin Wall erected ?	5
What sport does Chris Jogis play ?	1
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?	0
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?	0
How many Great Lakes are there ?	5
What is sonar ?	0
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?	3
What does Ouija mean ?	0
What are coral reefs ?	0
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?	5
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?	5
What do you call a professional map drawer ?	1
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?	4
What food can I use to catch a possum ?	1
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?	4
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?	4
Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?	3
What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?	1
What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?	4
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?	5
Who created the character James Bond ?	3
Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?	3
What city is also known as `` The Gateway to the West '' ?	4
What color is Chablis ?	1
What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?	0
How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?	0
What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?	1
What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?	4
Where did Woodstock take place ?	4
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?	3
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	5
What county is Modesto , California in ?	4
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''	0
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	1
What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?	1
What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .	3
How can I find out my Moon sign ?	0
What is a stratocaster ?	0
What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?	3
What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?	1
What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?	4
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?	3
What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?	0
Colin Powell is famous for what ?	0
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?	4
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	4
Who made the first surfboard ?	3
What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?	5
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?	0
What was archy , and mehitabel ?	0
Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?	4
What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?	3
What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?	1
What are the twin cities ?	4
Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?	3
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?	5
How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?	5
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?	1
What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?	1
Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .	3
When was Microsoft established ?	5
Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?	3
What continent is Bolivia on ?	4
What did Vasco da Gama discover ?	1
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	3
Jude Law was in what movie ?	1
What do peacocks mate with ?	1
What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?	0
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?	5
Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?	3
What is making love ?	0
What is usenet for the Internet ?	0
What is a fear of failure ?	1
How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?	5
What 's a Craps player called ?	1
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .	3
What plant has the largest seed ?	1
Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?	3
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?	1
Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?	4
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?	5
Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .	3
How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?	5
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?	0
For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?	0
Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?	3
What is a hormone ?	0
What is the murder rate in Windsor , Ontario ?	5
How fast do cheetahs run ?	5
What happened to Moon Maiden ?	0
What is the largest museum in the world ?	4
How do you become a dentist ?	0
Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?	4
Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .	1
What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?	0
What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?	1
Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?	0
What is thalassemia ?	0
What is the origin of Boxing Day ?	0
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?	3
What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?	3
What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?	1
What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?	4
Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?	3
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	5
How far can you see ?	5
How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?	5
What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?	3
What does 7847+5943 equal ?	5
What is troilism ?	0
When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?	1
Why are the ears your center of balance ?	0
Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''	1
What is a conifer ?	0
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?	5
What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?	2
Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?	0
What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?	1
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?	5
In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?	1
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	5
What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?	5
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?	1
What state did the Battle of Bighorn take place in ?	4
How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?	5
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?	5
Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?	3
How does a hurricane form ?	0
What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?	3
What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?	3
In what state was the first co-educational college established	4
How many people live in cities ?	5
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?	3
What is a philanthropist ?	0
What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?	3
How many school districts are there in the United States ?	5
What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?	1
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?	5
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?	0
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?	4
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?	0
What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?	1
Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?	3
What is being done about the millennium bug ?	0
What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?	3
How do telephones work ?	0
What monastery was raided by Vikings in the late eighth century ?	1
Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?	3
How do Ouija Boards work ?	0
What is a fear of fish ?	1
What is HTML ?	2
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?	0
Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?	4
What U.S. state ends with a G ?	4
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?	0
What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?	1
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	5
What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?	1
Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?	3
Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?	3
Who painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel ?	3
What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?	0
What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?	1
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?	3
What is the major fault line near Kentucky ?	1
What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?	0
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?	5
How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?	0
What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?	4
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?	5
How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?	5
How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?	5
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?	5
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?	4
What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?	4
How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?	5
What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?	0
How many names are there for Eskimo people ?	5
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?	4
Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?	3
What color does litmus paper turn when it comes into contact with a strong acid ?	1
What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?	3
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?	0
What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''	1
What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?	1
What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?	4
When is a woman most fertile ?	5
What is pastrami made of ?	1
Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?	3
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?	3
Why do girls have to wear training bras ?	0
What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with ?	3
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?	0
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?	4
What does saliva consist of ?	1
What is limbo ?	0
Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?	4
What hemisphere is the Philippines in ?	4
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?	1
Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?	4
What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?	4
How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?	5
Who wrote The Godfather ?	3
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?	1
What is La Nina ?	0
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?	5
What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?	0
Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?	3
Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?	0
What is a fear of parasites ?	1
How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?	5
Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?	3
What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?	5
What is the largest sculpture in the world ?	1
Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?	0
Where did bocci originate ?	4
What is a fear of crystals or glass ?	1
What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?	3
Name a South African diamond producer ?	3
What is a prism ?	0
How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?	5
Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?	3
What do the French call La Manche ?	1
How many words are there in the Spanish language ?	5
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?	4
What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?	4
Where was Lincoln assassinated ?	4
What did Jesse Jackson organize ?	3
Where does `` bovine '' come from ?	0
What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?	3
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?	3
What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?	0
What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?	4
What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?	0
What is the difference between optical and digital video ?	0
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?	5
What is the population of Seattle ?	5
How many languages does the Pope speak ?	5
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?	3
Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?	3
What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?	1
How do you reference a website ?	0
Who is the President of Ghana ?	3
What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?	1
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?	5
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?	4
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?	5
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?	1
What Japanese city was once called Edo ?	4
Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS ?	1
Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?	3
What was the Vietnam War ?	0
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?	2
What planet gave bith to Superman ?	4
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?	3
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?	1
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?	1
What is the difference between hair and fur ?	0
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?	3
What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?	0
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?	1
What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?	1
What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?	1
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?	5
What is software piracy ?	0
How do you clean up a cache ?	0
How many referees work a soccer game ?	5
Where is Santa Lucia ?	4
How do I start a bank ?	0
What does caliente translate to in English ?	1
What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?	5
What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?	2
What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?	0
What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?	3
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?	0
What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?	3
How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?	5
What is a wet dream ?	0
How far is London UK from California ?	5
Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?	3
What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?	0
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?	0
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?	1
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?	5
Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?	3
What is the primary language in Iceland ?	1
Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?	3
When was Rosa Parks born ?	5
What do economists do ?	0
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?	3
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?	3
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?	0
What is HDLC ?	2
What 's the longest river in Canada ?	4
What island is home to statues called Mauis ?	4
What are the Greek numerals ?	0
Who wrote the hymn `` Amazing Grace '' ?	3
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	4
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?	4
What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?	0
Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?	1
Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?	3
What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?	1
What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?	4
What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?	1
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?	0
What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?	1
What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?	1
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?	0
What high school does Archie attend ?	3
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?	0
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?	3
What type is a snail ?	1
How did names come about ?	0
Who invented the toothbrush ?	3
What is the population of Mozambique ?	5
Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .	1
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?	5
What was the importance of Magellan ?	0
When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?	5
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .	1
What was FDR 's dog 's name ?	1
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?	3
Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?	3
What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?	1
Where is Logan Airport ?	4
What are the seven deadly sins ?	0
What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?	1
What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?	0
How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars	0
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?	3
How many horses are there on a polo team ?	5
How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?	0
What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?	1
How many people did Randy Craft murder ?	5
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?	3
Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?	3
How does blood clot ?	0
Where 's the GUM department store ?	4
What is the origin of the atom ?	0
What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?	3
When did World War I start ?	5
When was `` the Great Depression '' ?	5
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?	5
What does HIV stand for ?	2
What is poliomyelitis ?	0
What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?	5
Mississippi is nicknamed what ?	1
What is a country that starts with the letter x ?	4
What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?	1
What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?	0
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?	0
Who is a German philosopher ?	3
How many countries are there ?	5
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?	0
What is narcolepsy ?	0
Where is the Orange Bowl ?	4
When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?	5
In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?	4
On what river is Rome built ?	4
What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?	2
What country will hit the year 2 first ?	4
What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?	3
What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?	1
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?	4
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?	1
What is the `` Global Economy '' ?	0
Define Sinn Fein .	0
How many bytes are in a terabyte ?	5
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?	5
What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?	0
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?	4
How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?	5
Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?	3
What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?	0
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?	5
What causes rust ?	0
How much salt is in the oceans ?	5
How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?	0
What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?	4
What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?	0
What are Maid-Rites ?	0
What is the largest city in Connecticut ?	4
Who killed Kurt Cobain ?	3
Who invented the radio ?	3
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?	5
What currency do they use in Brazil ?	1
What game does Garry Kasparov play ?	1
What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?	3
What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?	5
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?	3
How does a glacier form ?	0
What is a fear of touching ?	1
Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?	3
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	5
What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?	1
What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?	3
How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?	0
What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?	3
What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?	1
What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?	3
Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?	3
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?	4
What is an urban legend ?	0
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?	5
What countries have the most auto thefts ?	4
Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?	3
Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?	3
In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?	5
Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?	3
What color are school buses ?	1
Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?	3
What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?	1
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?	1
What country 's capital is Tirana ?	4
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?	3
What is widely used to detect birth defects ?	1
What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?	1
On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?	5
Italy is the largest producer of what ?	1
What ice creams contain seaweed ?	1
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?	0
Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?	3
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?	3
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?	4
Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?	3
What is `` bloodhound '' ?	0
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?	3
Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?	0
What is the medical condition of hypertension ?	0
What country has the most coastline ?	4
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?	4
What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?	4
CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?	5
What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?	3
What is a cullion ?	0
How can I stop or slow down aging ?	0
What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?	1
What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?	3
What is the most popular sport in Japan ?	1
What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?	1
What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?	1
What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?	3
What kind of crystals exist ?	1
How do you match a name to a social security number ?	0
How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?	5
What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?	1
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?	0
What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?	1
Whose cupboard was bare ?	3
Who is the Queen of Holland ?	3
What is the heaviest naturally occurring element ?	1
What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?	4
What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?	4
What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?	0
What is the capital of Yugoslavia ?	4
What is the active ingredient in baking soda ?	1
How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?	5
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?	5
What are field effect transistors ?	0
What are pomegranates ?	0
What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?	1
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?	3
Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?	3
Who invented the horoscope ?	3
What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?	0
The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?	4
How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?	0
Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?	1
Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .	0
What is another name for vitamin B1 ?	1
Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?	3
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?	1
What is the name given to a group of geese ?	1
What are enzymes ?	0
Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?	3
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?	1
What is peyote ?	0
What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?	1
Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?	4
Who domesticated the wild turkey ?	3
What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?	3
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?	3
What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?	3
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?	0
Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?	5
What is the busiest air travel season ?	5
What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?	4
Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?	3
How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?	5
What country 's flag is field green ?	4
Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?	3
How do I install a tile floor ?	0
How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?	5
Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?	3
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?	5
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?	3
Where was George Washington born ?	4
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?	4
What is the function of the appendix ?	0
What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?	3
Where did the ukulele originate ?	4
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?	5
What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?	3
What is a nematode ?	0
What chain store is headquartered in Bentonville , Arkansas ?	3
What does a heliologist study ?	1
What is bangers and mash ?	0
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?	5
What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?	5
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?	1
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?	0
How many blacks served in the Vietnam War	5
What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?	3
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?	5
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?	5
What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?	1
How is digital audio used ?	0
How did the tradition of best man start ?	0
What is the longest bone in the human body ?	1
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?	1
What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?	0
What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?	1
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?	5
On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?	1
What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?	1
Why is the development of space so important ?	0
What date is Boxing Day ?	5
What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?	4
What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?	1
What does idle mean ?	0
Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?	3
What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?	3
How did Asia get its name ?	0
What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?	1
What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?	3
Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?	4
How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?	0
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?	0
What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?	1
What is November 's birthstone ?	1
Where are there aborigines ?	4
What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?	1
What is Win Rah ?	0
What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still can 't believe it- we beat the Russians ? ''	1
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?	4
What causes an earthquake ?	0
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?	3
How was the element calcium named ?	0
What exactly is radiation ?	0
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?	0
What was her real name ?	3
Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?	3
How do you make a paintball ?	0
What year did WWII begin ?	5
What is recruitment interview technique ?	0
What is the definition of a cascade ?	0
Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?	4
What 's the meaning of UOL ?	0
What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?	5
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?	5
What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?	0
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?	5
What are shooting stars ?	0
What nationality is a Sicilian ?	4
Who was the last woman executed in England ?	3
What is the difference between college and graduate school ?	0
What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?	4
The Orange Bowl is in what city ?	4
What is desktop publishing ?	0
Where is McCarren Airport ?	4
How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?	5
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?	3
What was Einstein 's birthplace ?	4
Who discovered x-rays ?	3
How old is Benny Carter ?	5
Where is the Orinoco River ?	4
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	4
What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?	1
Who invented the lawnmower ?	3
What is the abbreviation for Texas ?	2
What is the longest-running television series ?	1
What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?	4
What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?	1
Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?	0
When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?	5
What do manatees eat ?	1
Who made the first gas engine ?	3
What causes asthma ?	0
What does the name Calder mean ?	0
What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?	1
Who was the first person to reach the North Pole ?	3
What year did the Milwaukee Braves become the Atlanta Braves ?	5
What is the first book of the Old Testament ?	1
What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?	0
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?	3
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?	5
Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?	3
In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?	1
What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?	1
What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''	0
Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?	4
How many muscles does an oyster have ?	5
In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?	5
Where is Glasgow ?	4
Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?	0
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?	3
What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?	1
Who invented baseball ?	3
What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?	4
How do windmills work ?	0
What money was used by them ?	1
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?	5
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?	5
Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .	1
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?	0
When was the San Francisco fire ?	5
Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''	4
What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?	3
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	5
What city is served by McCarren Airport ?	4
Name Alvin 's brothers	3
What is a geoscientist ?	0
What is a person called that likes fire ?	3
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?	3
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?	4
What is a fear of money ?	1
Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?	3
What is the full name of the PLO ?	2
What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?	1
Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?	4
Who is Nicolo Paganini ?	3
How many web servers are there ?	5
What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?	3
What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?	1
What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?	1
Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?	3
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?	5
What is the weather like on the moon ?	0
Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?	3
When is Bastille Day ?	5
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?	4
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?	4
What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?	3
Who invented the slinky ?	3
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?	4
What is a fear of disease ?	1
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?	3
How many people watch network television ?	5
What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?	3
What is the population of Japan ?	5
How loud is thunder ?	5
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .	5
What is the origin of infinity ?	0
What is a fear of jealousy ?	1
Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?	1
What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?	1
What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?	3
What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?	3
What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?	4
In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?	5
What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?	4
What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?	1
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?	3
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?	4
Where are good science sites on the Internet ?	4
What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?	4
Which country has the most water pollution ?	4
How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?	5
What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .	1
In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?	0
Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?	3
When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?	3
Who shot Billy the Kid ?	3
Why is hockey so violent ?	0
What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?	4
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?	4
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?	1
How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?	5
Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?	3
Why is the sun yellow ?	0
What date was Dwight D. Eisenhower born ?	5
What are cigarettes made of ?	1
What is the S&P 500 used for ?	0
How many oceans are there and name them ?	5
What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?	1
What foods contain vitamin B12 ?	1
What is Maryland 's state bird ?	1
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?	4
In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?	1
Where does chocolate come from ?	4
What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?	3
What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?	1
What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?	1
What does the word `` opera '' mean ?	0
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?	0
What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?	5
How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?	0
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?	5
Who was the first king of England ?	3
What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?	3
Who won World War II ?	3
What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?	1
What is a fear of water ?	1
What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?	4
Who was the first woman in space ?	3
What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?	1
When was Florida admitted into the Union ?	5
Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?	3
What is chromatology ?	0
What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?	1
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	3
Who lived in the Neuschwanstein castle ?	3
How old is the sun ?	5
What river is Windsor Castle on ?	4
How tall is Prince Charles ?	5
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?	0
What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?	1
Why was the zipper invented ?	0
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?	0
What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?	4
How many hearts does an octopus have ?	5
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?	5
What is Tetrinet ?	0
What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?	1
When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?	5
What 's the capital of Taiwan ?	4
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?	5
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?	0
What does a dipsomaniac crave ?	1
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?	4
Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?	3
What is he doing now ?	0
Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?	4
What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?	3
How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?	0
Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy	4
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .	0
Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?	3
When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?	5
Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?	3
What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?	4
What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?	1
What state has the least amount of rain per year ?	4
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?	3
What city 's airport is named Logan International ?	4
What is another astronomic term for the Northern Lights ?	1
What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?	4
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?	3
What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?	4
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?	5
What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?	1
What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?	0
Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?	3
How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	5
How far can a man travel in outer space ?	5
What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?	4
How does a copier work ?	0
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?	3
What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?	3
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?	4
What does IQ stand for ?	2
What is your favorite color ?	1
What does VCR stand for ?	2
What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	5
What is the history of yo-yos ?	0
Who was the first U.S. president to appear on TV ?	3
Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?	3
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?	0
What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?	3
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?	5
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?	5
On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?	5
Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?	3
Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?	3
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis	0
What is the capital of Congo ?	4
How did Rocky Marciano die ?	0
Name four comic strips about pilots .	1
In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?	2
What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?	1
What does Salk vaccine prevent ?	1
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?	3
What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?	1
Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?	3
What are Maid-Rites ?	0
What are some good exercises for kids to do ?	1
What happened to Pepsi Clear ?	0
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?	5
What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?	1
The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?	4
What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?	1
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?	1
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?	1
What is June 's birthstone ?	0
What killed Bob Marley ?	1
What does a defibrillator do ?	0
What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?	1
What is SVHS ?	2
What do ladybugs eat ?	1
What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?	4
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .	3
Where are the British crown jewels kept ?	4
What does e.g. stand for ?	2
What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?	5
What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?	1
What type of betting is used in horse racing ?	1
Colin Powell is most famous for what ?	0
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?	4
What is the smallest country in Africa ?	4
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?	5
During which season do most thunderstorms occur ?	5
What are tannins ?	0
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?	4
How many countries watch MTV Europe ?	5
What is an annotated bibliography ?	0
What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?	1
What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?	1
Who was the inventor of the stove ?	3
How many zeros are there in a trillion ?	5
Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?	3
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?	3
What colors make up a rainbow ?	1
Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?	0
What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?	3
How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?	5
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?	1
Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?	3
What does LOL mean ?	2
What is the most widely cultivated plant ?	1
How many calories are there in soy sauce ?	5
What does it take to become a lawyer ?	1
What is a fear of points ?	1
What is titanium ?	0
What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?	4
Who was the first governor of Alaska ?	3
Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .	3
How big is the universe actually ?	5
What was Al Capone 's nickname ?	3
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?	0
When was Richard Nixon born ?	5
What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?	3
Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?	3
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?	0
Who was the 23rd president of the United States ?	3
Where is the largest post office building in the world ?	4
Which continent has the most roses ?	4
What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?	4
What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?	3
What do Christian Scientists believe in ?	0
What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?	1
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?	4
What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?	0
Name an American made motorcycle .	1
In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?	3
When did Elvis Presley die ?	5
What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?	1
What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?	1
What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?	1
Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?	3
What does a farrier put shoes on ?	1
What was the alternate to VHS ?	1
What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?	1
Who was the first man to fly across the Pacific Ocean ?	3
Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?	3
How large is Missouri 's population ?	5
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	1
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?	1
When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?	5
Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?	3
What is God ?	0
What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?	3
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?	3
Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?	3
What does a nihilist believe in ?	0
What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?	4
On what continent is Mozambique ?	4
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?	1
What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?	1
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?	4
What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?	4
What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?	1
Mexican pesos are worth what in U.S. dollars ?	5
What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?	4
Why are haunted houses popular ?	0
Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?	3
What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?	4
What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?	1
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?	1
What is the rarest coin ?	1
What did Edward Binney and Howard Smith invent in 1903 ?	1
What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?	4
What state in the United States covers the largest area ?	4
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?	5
What does it take to be a hero ?	1
Why do many Native American students not complete college ?	0
How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?	5
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?	0
What famous comic strip character died of acne ?	3
What is the name of the satellite that the Soviet Union sent into space in 1957 ?	1
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?	0
What was President Lyndon Johnson 's reform program called ?	1
Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?	4
Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?	3
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?	5
What happened to Answers.com ?	0
What species was Winnie the Pooh ?	1
What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?	0
What animals do you find in the stock market ?	1
What is solar wind ?	0
How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?	5
What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?	1
What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?	1
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?	3
What currency is used in Algeria ?	1
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?	1
Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?	3
What is the cause of endangered species ?	0
Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?	3
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?	3
Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?	3
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	5
What is barnstorming ?	0
What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?	1
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?	0
What day is August 13 , 1971 ?	5
What is a caldera ?	0
How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?	0
What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?	0
How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?	5
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?	4
What does Las Vegas mean ?	0
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?	4
What 's the green variety of beryl called ?	1
What is foreclosure ?	0
What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?	1
What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?	4
What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?	4
What is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs ?	1
What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?	1
What will the weather be today ?	0
What 's a male witch called ?	1
What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?	1
What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?	1
What is cryptography ?	0
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?	3
What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?	1
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .	1
What is hyperopia ?	0
What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?	4
What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?	5
What is a dental root canal ?	0
What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?	1
What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?	1
What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?	1
What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?	3
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?	0
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?	0
What is Teflon ?	0
Who was the first Prime Minister of Canada ?	3
What is carbon dioxide ?	0
What is state tree of Nebraska ?	1
What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?	0
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?	3
What primary colors do you mix to make orange ?	1
What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?	0
What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?	1
What does gringo mean ?	0
What is the definition of low island ?	0
What is a fear of motion ?	1
What does pH stand for ?	2
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?	5
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?	1
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?	1
Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?	4
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?	2
When was the first kidney transplant ?	5
What is meant by blood SED rate ?	0
What is TMJ ?	2
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?	0
What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?	3
How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,	5
Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?	4
What is die-casting ?	0
What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?	4
What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?	3
What are the current immigration laws in US ?	0
What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?	1
Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?	3
What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?	3
Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?	3
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?	3
What kind of gas is in a fluorescent bulb ?	1
What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?	3
What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?	1
In what war was the first submarine used ?	1
What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?	1
How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?	0
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?	4
Who is the prime minister in Norway ?	3
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?	3
When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?	3
Where is the volcano Olympus Mons located ?	4
When did Thatcher become prime minister ?	5
Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?	3
Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?	3
Who invented the electric guitar ?	3
What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?	0
What was the Chivington Massacre ?	0
What is the most common eye color ?	1
Which of these are authors ?	3
Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .	1
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?	3
What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?	5
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?	0
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?	3
How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?	0
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	4
When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?	4
What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?	1
How old is the universe ?	5
How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?	0
What is object-oriented design ?	0
What are the four elements ?	1
What do Mormons believe ?	0
What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?	1
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?	3
What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?	0
What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?	3
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	5
Who was president in 1913 ?	3
How many hearts does an octopus have ?	5
How old is Stevie Wonder ?	5
What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?	4
What does Melissa mean ?	0
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?	3
Who is the prime minister of Japan ?	3
How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?	5
Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''	3
What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?	4
What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?	3
What English word has the most letters ?	1
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .	1
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?	0
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?	1
What does USPS stand for ?	2
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	5
What is acetic acid ?	0
Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?	3
How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?	0
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?	4
What is the average age a horse lives ?	5
What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?	1
What was the first minimum wage ?	5
What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?	0
What is the origin of the name Katie ?	0
How many years make up a lustrum ?	5
Who was Galileo ?	3
Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?	4
What U.S. vice-president said : `` Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?	3
What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?	0
What is a fear of hell ?	1
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?	0
What is the speed hummingbirds fly ?	5
Who was the first American world chess champion ?	3
How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?	0
What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?	1
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?	5
What is an Angelus ?	0
What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?	0
What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .	3
What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?	4
What are the biggest Indian airports ?	4
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?	1
Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?	3
Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?	4
What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?	0
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?	5
What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?	1
What was Einstein 's IQ ?	5
What is Larry King 's job ?	3
Name a flying mammal .	1
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?	0
Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?	4
What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?	0
What is the temperature for cooking ?	5
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?	1
What is the effect of volcanoes on the climate ?	0
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	5
What causes blue balls ?	0
What are tonsils for ?	0
Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?	3
How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?	0
What is the location of the Sea of Tranquility ?	4
What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?	1
How do wasps make their nests ?	0
How many feet in a mile ?	5
What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?	1
Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?	3
Who is Stephen Hawking ?	3
How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?	5
What is it like to experience a near death episode ?	0
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?	3
Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?	3
How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?	0
What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?	3
How many calories are there in a glass of water ?	5
How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?	5
What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?	4
Where is the Mayo Clinic ?	4
What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?	1
What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?	4
What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?	2
How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?	5
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?	3
How many different types of skunks are there ?	5
Who were the Picts ?	3
What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?	3
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?	3
In what part of the world is Mozambique ?	4
Who is the President of Pergament ?	3
What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?	3
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?	3
Who is Duke Ellington ?	3
What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?	1
What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?	1
What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?	4
What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?	0
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?	3
Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?	3
What is the difference between AM radio stations and FM radio stations ?	0
What is the fastest computer ?	1
Where is John Wayne airport ?	4
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?	0
What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?	4
What should you do for an ankle sprain ?	0
What is Doegs ?	0
What is an annuity ?	0
Garry Kasparov plays what game ?	1
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?	3
Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?	3
Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?	3
What is a fear of hair ?	1
What film was Jude Law in ?	1
What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?	0
Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?	3
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?	3
What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?	3
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?	4
How much does the President get paid ?	5
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?	3
How many milligrams are in a gram ?	5
What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?	3
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?	0
What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?	2
What tools do you use to crewel ?	1
When was the first Barbie produced ?	5
Who made Stonehenge ?	3
What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?	0
Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?	3
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?	4
What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?	1
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?	5
How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	5
Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?	3
When was Abraham Lincoln born ?	5
How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?	5
What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?	5
Name a tiger that is extinct .	1
What does the name Jenna mean ?	0
What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?	1
What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?	1
What is the melting point of gold ?	5
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?	3
Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?	1
What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?	0
Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?	3
Where are the Rocky Mountains ?	4
How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?	0
What is the abbreviation for micro ?	2
Where do hyenas live ?	4
What is the Hub of London ?	0
What is graduate school ?	0
How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?	5
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?	1
What is rheumatoid arthritis ?	0
What are all the different types of pizza ?	1
Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?	3
What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?	1
How long was the longest sneezing attack ?	5
What is the capital of Ethiopia ?	4
What is the date of Boxing Day ?	5
What are equity securities ?	0
What is a fear of shadows ?	1
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?	1
What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?	4
What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?	1
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .	0
What is the chemical formula for napalm ?	1
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?	3
What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?	1
What is a carcinogen ?	0
What English word contains the most letters ?	1
Which comedian 's signature line is `` Can we talk '' ?	3
What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?	1
What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?	0
What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?	1
What is literary criticism ?	0
What does the abbreviation cwt. ?	2
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?	5
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?	3
On what river is Strasbourg built ?	4
CNN is owned by whom ?	3
What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?	3
What 's the home of the Rockettes ?	4
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?	5
Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?	3
Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?	3
What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?	3
What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?	3
Where is the Kalahari desert ?	4
What is hypnotherapy ?	0
What is a mathematical factor ?	0
When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?	5
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?	5
What is a multiplexer ?	0
What is tyvek ?	0
What was another name for East Germany ?	1
What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?	4
What Shakespeare play opens with the line : `` Now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?	1
What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?	4
Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?	1
How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?	5
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?	0
What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?	1
What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?	0
Why was Curious George curious ?	0
What is Goldfinger 's first name ?	3
What are different products of petroleum ?	1
How do I love thee ?	0
What did the ancients call the four great elements ?	1
What was Einstein 's IQ ?	5
How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?	0
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?	5
What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?	1
What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?	1
What is the largest city in the world ?	4
What are platelets ?	0
When did Nixon visit China ?	5
What is IOC an abbreviation of ?	2
What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?	1
Who discovered oxygen ?	3
How does a parachute work ?	0
What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?	0
Where in the United States do people live the longest ?	4
What 's the most powerful country in the world ?	4
Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?	0
What is a fear of glass ?	1
What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?	3
How do boats float ?	0
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?	1
What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?	1
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?	4
Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?	3
What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?	5
In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?	1
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?	5
What is a bourdon tube ?	0
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?	1
Where is Tornado Alley ?	4
What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?	0
What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?	2
How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?	5
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?	5
What year did the Vietnam War end ?	5
What are the two languages of Malta ?	1
How much does the human adult female brain weigh ?	5
What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?	3
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	5
What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?	1
What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?	3
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?	3
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?	3
What is magnetar ?	0
The sun 's core , what is the temperature ?	5
Who followed Caesar ?	3
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?	1
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?	0
How does James Bond like his martinis ?	0
What is a tsunami ?	0
What 's the term for a young fox ?	1
When was Ulysses S. Grant born ?	5
What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?	5
How many quarters equal a pound ?	5
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?	0
In what country is Lund ?	4
What is Candlemas Day ?	0
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?	0
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?	4
When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?	3
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	5
What is myopia ?	0
Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?	1
Who was the first vice president of the U.S. ?	3
What is the Illinois state flower ?	1
How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?	0
How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?	0
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?	1
What does hazmat stand for ?	0
How fast can a Corvette go ?	5
Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?	4
What planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets ?	4
How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?	5
Where did the world come from ?	4
How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?	5
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?	3
What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?	3
What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?	1
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?	5
What is the Socratic method ?	0
What is ethylene ?	0
What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?	1
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?	0
What happens to used motor oil ?	0
What day and month did John Lennon die ?	5
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?	5
What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?	1
What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?	1
How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?	5
What is the first day of the week ?	5
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?	4
What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?	1
What is a Canada two-penny black ?	0
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?	0
What does BUD stand for ?	2
What precious stone is a form of pure carbon ?	1
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?	3
What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?	3
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?	1
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?	5
Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?	4
Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?	0
What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?	3
Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?	4
What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?	3
What 's the capital of Iowa ?	4
What is a biologist ?	0
What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?	0
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?	4
Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?	3
Define cosmology .	0
Where is Guam ?	4
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?	4
What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?	1
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?	5
The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?	1
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?	1
How old is Jeremy Piven ?	5
What is the largest variety of cactus ?	0
How did the months of the year get there name ?	0
How do you do a topic outline ?	0
Name the largest country in South America .	4
What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?	5
What is the regular price ?	5
What is the depth of the Nile river ?	5
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?	1
In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?	1
How often are brain cells replaced ?	5
What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?	1
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''	0
How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?	5
How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?	5
What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?	1
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?	5
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?	4
Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?	3
Describe the Long March .	0
What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?	1
What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?	0
Name a female figure skater .	3
What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?	1
What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?	4
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?	3
What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?	1
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?	5
How many feet are there in a fathom ?	5
What is the federal minimum wage ?	5
What are the alveoli ?	0
What is leukemia ?	0
Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?	3
How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?	0
Where did the Inuits live ?	4
What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?	5
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?	0
What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?	5
Why is the grass green ?	0
What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?	5
What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?	4
What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?	4
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?	3
What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?	4
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?	3
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?	3
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?	5
Where is Webster University ?	4
What is a fear of women ?	1
What is time ?	0
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	5
What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?	3
What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?	1
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?	3
Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?	4
What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?	4
What are the snakes of New England ?	1
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	1
When was the telephone invented ?	5
What is a fear of trees ?	1
What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?	1
What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?	1
What are the three secondary colors ?	1
What is viscosity ?	0
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?	5
What is a group of frogs called ?	1
When was Nostradamus born ?	5
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?	0
Who was Lacan ?	3
What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?	1
What is Toulmin logic ?	0
What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?	3
Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?	3
What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?	0
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?	4
What is the National Park in Utah ?	4
What is phosphorus ?	0
What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?	1
When was the bar-code invented ?	5
How many pins are used in skittles ?	5
What metal has the highest melting point ?	1
What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?	3
What is the mission of Nike ?	1
How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?	0
Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .	3
What is the scientific name for elephant ?	1
Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?	0
What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?	1
What kind of dog was Toto in the Wizard of Oz ?	1
What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?	1
How many colors are there in the spectrum ?	5
Where 's Montenegro ?	4
What is mold ?	0
Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?	3
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?	0
What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?	3
What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?	1
How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?	5
What is Occam 's Razor ?	0
Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?	3
What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?	3
What is genocide ?	0
What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?	0
What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?	4
How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?	5
What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?	4
Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?	3
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?	3
How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?	0
What geological time do we live in ?	5
What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?	3
When did they canonize the Bible ?	5
When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?	3
What is the Taj Majal made of ?	1
What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?	0
What is the size of Argentina ?	5
What is pulmonary fibrosis ?	0
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?	1
Where is Rider College ?	4
Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?	0
What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?	3
What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?	1
What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?	5
Who earns their money the hard way ?	3
When do you plant winter wheat ?	5
What were the causes of the Civil War ?	0
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?	0
What alloy do copper and tin form ?	1
What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?	3
What 's the longest river in the world ?	4
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?	1
What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?	1
What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?	2
What instrument did Glenn Miller play ?	1
How many people in the world speak French ?	5
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?	3
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?	0
What makes popcorn pop ?	0
How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?	5
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?	3
What is a thermometer ?	0
What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?	1
What time of year do most people fly ?	5
What does a spermologer collect ?	1
How many varieties of apple are there ?	5
What are semiconductors ?	0
How old is Britney Spears ?	5
What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?	1
What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?	4
What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?	0
What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?	5
Who is the head of the World Bank ?	3
What do river otters eat ?	1
What company sells the most greeting cards ?	3
Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?	4
What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?	0
What building are British monarchs crowned in ?	4
When was Lyndon B. Johnson born ?	5
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?	4
What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?	3
What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?	1
What are the historical trials following World War II called ?	1
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	4
Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?	4
What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?	1
What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?	0
What is the greatest hiking Web site ?	4
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?	1
What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?	4
What 's the state motto of California ?	0
Who was Damocles ?	3
What is bandwidth ?	0
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?	3
Who owns CNN ?	3
What civilization invented the arch ?	3
How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?	5
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?	0
In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?	1
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?	0
How many different countries export coffee ?	5
What is the fourth highest mountain in the world ?	4
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	3
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?	3
Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?	3
Who sought to create The Great Society ?	3
What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?	3
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?	4
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?	4
What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?	1
With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?	3
What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?	0
How old was George Washington when he died ?	5
What is fungus ?	0
How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?	5
What are Fortune 500 companies ?	0
What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?	2
How do plants make food ?	0
What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?	1
What beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?	1
What do bats eat ?	1
From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?	0
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?	3
In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?	0
What is a group of turkeys called ?	1
What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?	0
What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?	1
How deep is a fathom ?	5
What is Valentine 's Day ?	0
What are capers ?	0
What is nicotine ?	0
How can SQL queries be improved ?	0
What continent is Egypt on ?	4
What is the temperature at the center of the earth ?	5
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?	3
Which of the five senses develops first ?	1
What is a fear of home surroundings ?	1
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?	5
What is a female rabbit called ?	1
Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?	3
What is the life span of the average monkey ?	5
What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?	0
What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?	1
What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?	4
What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?	5
How many endangered species are there in the world ?	5
What is thermal equilibrium ?	0
What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?	4
Who was the first female United States Representative ?	3
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?	5
What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?	1
What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?	3
What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?	4
What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?	3
When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?	5
How many people live in Tokyo ?	5
What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?	1
Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?	3
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?	0
What is a fear of insanity ?	1
What does S.O.S. stand for ?	2
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?	3
What does the name Gina mean ?	0
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?	5
Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?	3
What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?	0
What is the world record for the longest hair ?	5
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?	0
Who invented the hula hoop ?	3
What does the word affiant mean ?	0
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?	5
What is a nanometer ?	0
Who killed Martin Luther King ?	3
What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?	1
Which is heavier - cream or milk ?	1
What is phenylalanine ?	0
How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?	0
How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?	5
What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?	1
Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?	0
In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?	1
Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?	0
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?	1
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?	0
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	5
What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?	4
Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?	3
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''	1
What were the trials called which followed World War II ?	1
What were Christopher Columbus ' three ships ?	1
What is the life expectancy for crickets ?	5
What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?	1
Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?	3
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	5
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?	4
What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?	1
What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?	4
What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	4
What is fellatio ?	0
How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?	5
What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?	0
What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?	4
What does appropriates money mean ?	0
What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?	3
Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?	4
What is glass made of ?	1
When is the Thai New Year ?	5
What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?	1
How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?	5
How do you handle a hungry man ?	0
What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?	4
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?	5
What is the weight of air ?	5
What are some children 's rights ?	0
What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?	1
What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?	1
How many small businesses are there in the United States ?	5
What is the temperature today ?	5
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?	1
What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?	0
What is the C programming language ?	0
Why does it snow ?	0
What is witch hazel ?	0
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?	4
What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?	4
What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?	3
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?	3
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?	0
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?	3
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?	3
When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?	5
What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?	2
What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?	5
Why can 't ostriches fly ?	0
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?	5
Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .	3
What is the fear of the computer called ?	1
What animal migrates the farthest ?	1
What birthstone is turquoise ?	1
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?	0
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?	0
Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?	1
What is the capital of Seattle ?	4
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?	0
Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?	3
What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?	4
Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?	3
How many watts make a kilowatt ?	5
How fast is alcohol absorbed ?	5
How can you define time ?	0
What made Jane Goodall famous ?	0
What does SIDS stand for ?	2
What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?	4
What are Quaaludes ?	0
When was Queen Victoria born ?	5
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?	3
Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?	3
What is cholesterol ?	0
What is the population of the United States ?	5
What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?	0
